{
  "DSS": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T01:09:14",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T01:09:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/178",
      "number": 178,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/178",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.0 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T01:09:15",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T01:09:15",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/178",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-07-30T12:13:54",
      "updated_at": "2020-07-30T12:13:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/167",
      "number": 167,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/167",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.0 to 6.5.3",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T01:09:16",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/167#issuecomment-793229456",
          "body": "Superseded by #178."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T01:09:16",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T01:09:17",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/167",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "approvals": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T02:46:23",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T02:46:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/706",
      "number": 706,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/706",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals",
      "repository_name": "approvals",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.3 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T02:46:24",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T02:46:24",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/706",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "archivesspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:34:14",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-08T22:34:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/archivesspace-development/issues/84",
      "number": 84,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/archivesspace-development",
      "repository_name": "archivesspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "create box and folder labels",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:34:14",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:34:14",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2019-12-11T18:41:28",
      "updated_at": "2019-12-11T18:41:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/578",
      "number": 578,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "New export type: all records with OCLC numbers",
      "user_name": "Esmé Cowles",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Hector Correa",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-08T22:43:26",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/578#issuecomment-793138695",
          "body": "I finally ran and compared Esmé's implementations. \r\n\r\nThe Ruby version is way too slow, it takes about ~7 minutes per file, that translates to 13+ hours for all 100 files. \r\n\r\nThe Java implementation is incredibly fast, it takes about 10 seconds per file. \r\n\r\nThe Go implementation is somewhere in between, it takes 35 seconds per file.\r\n\r\nI forked Esmé's repo and put it under https://github.com/pulibrary/pod_scripts and standardized the scripts to run each of the implementation so that it's easier to compare and contrast. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-19T15:29:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-19T15:29:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/983",
      "number": 983,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Build, provision, deploy production alma infrastructure",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-08T17:44:42",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-08T17:44:42",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1130",
      "number": 1130,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Get traject_config.rb reporting coverage",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T17:34:28",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T17:59:08",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-19T16:36:38",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-19T16:36:38",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1103",
      "number": 1103,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Populate location table flags",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:01:08",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-08T14:08:41",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-08T14:08:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1129",
      "number": 1129,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1129",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Update circleci and inchci badges in readme",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T21:34:56",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1129#issuecomment-794486983",
          "body": "I added a new coveralls token for the bibdata repo in circleci."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:28:32",
          "type": "review_dismissed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:28:32",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:36:34",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:36:34",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:36:35",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:36:35",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1129",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-12-08T23:55:49",
      "updated_at": "2020-12-08T23:55:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/937",
      "number": 937,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Migrate availability response status fields to Alma",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "mzelesky",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T21:56:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/937#issuecomment-778420099",
          "body": "This item is in a Preservation process:\r\n\r\nMMS Id: 99116973763506421\r\nHolding ID: 22245146270006421\r\nItem ID: 23245146260006421\r\n~~Process type: Pres~~\r\nProcess type: WORK_ORDER_DEPARTMENT / In Process\r\nWork Order Type: Pres / At Preservation"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Hector Correa",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:06:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/937#issuecomment-794471677",
          "body": "It looks like the `process_type` (Process Type for acquisition) values available for our installation are are:\r\n\r\n```\r\nACQ,                        \"Acquisition\"\r\nCLAIM_RETURNED_LOAN,        \"Claimed Returned\"\r\nHOLDSHELF,                  \"Hold Shelf\"\r\nILL,                        \"Resource Sharing Request\"\r\nLOAN,                       \"Loan\"\r\nLOST_ILL,                   \"Lost Resource Sharing Item\"\r\nLOST_LOAN,                  \"Lost\"\r\nLOST_LOAN_AND_PAID,         \"Lost and paid\"\r\nMISSING,                    \"Missing\"\r\nTECHNICAL,                  \"Technical - Migration\"\r\nREQUESTED,                  \"Requested\"\r\nTRANSIT,                    \"Transit\"\r\nTRANSIT_TO_REMOTE_STORAGE,  \"In Transit to Remote Storage\"\r\nWORK_ORDER_DEPARTMENT,      \"In Process\"\r\n```\r\n\r\nFetched via https://api-na.hosted.exlibrisgroup.com/almaws/v1/conf/code-tables/PROCESSTYPE?apikey=enter-your-key"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T21:53:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/937#issuecomment-794506526",
          "body": "Yeah I'm still not really sure how process_type is related here. I think what we want is work_order_type. But we may need these, too, at some point?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "mzelesky",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T21:56:20",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/937#issuecomment-794509969",
          "body": "I _think_ process_types include things that aren't on work orders. For example, HOLDSHELF is just a status that gets toggled without being associated with a work order. Work orders all have a process_type of WORK_ORDER_DEPARTMENT."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-08T19:23:57",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-08T19:23:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1131",
      "number": 1131,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1131",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Refactor cjk_notes to use more enumerable methods",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:58:34",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:58:34",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:58:34",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:58:34",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1131",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-12-01T20:18:55",
      "updated_at": "2020-12-01T20:18:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/905",
      "number": 905,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/905",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[Do not merge] Alma Migration",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/905",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "dpul": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:38:03",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T09:38:03",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/pull/877",
      "number": 877,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/pull/877",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul",
      "repository_name": "dpul",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.3 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:38:04",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:38:04",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/pull/877",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-02-19T18:45:31",
      "updated_at": "2020-02-19T18:45:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/737",
      "number": 737,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul",
      "repository_name": "dpul",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "I'd like to be able to save a default sort order for when you search or are in a Browse Category",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T00:14:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/737#issuecomment-793192611",
          "body": "@hackartisan and @tpendragon . perhaps an easier way forward, that would empower users to create order themselves on pages via a widget (the item row widget, specifically).  If we can constrain proportions of the thumbnail to help standardize the size, I have a feeling that may be an easier and more sustainable route.  We could also workshop the size of the thumbnail, thereby also being able to similarly address and close #858.  \r\n\r\nThere is also the option of getting the item embed widget to function properly. But I would love your thoughts on this. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T14:08:06",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/737#issuecomment-793945169",
          "body": "That might make sense for the use case of a guided exhibit experience -- there wouldn't be too many items. Is the idea that it might be preferred to showcase them in that way?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T14:11:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/737#issuecomment-793949284",
          "body": "@hackartisan Yup! As luck would have it This idea was a direct result of a recent use case. An individual from Mudd is creating an online companion to a physical exhibit that was in Mudd previously. This is how they would like to display the items"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T00:14:38",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T00:14:38",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T00:14:38",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T00:14:38",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T14:11:30",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T14:11:30",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T17:25:55",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T17:25:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/878",
      "number": 878,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul",
      "repository_name": "dpul",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Can we make all DPUL exhibit texts (within the widgets on pages and in browse categories) searchable within a particular DPUL exhibit?",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T17:37:26",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/878#issuecomment-794211611",
          "body": "Yes, only records are indexed. None of the page content of the site is indexed. The results page lists digital object records. This would be a significant new feature, possibly involving the creation of a new index depending on how design discussions went."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T17:40:41",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/878#issuecomment-794215520",
          "body": "Good to know. Since it has been asked for by folks at another institution and DPUL is continuously seeing more use, I thought it would be good to ask, just in case.  Thanks!"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T17:25:55",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T17:25:55",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-02T22:03:14",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-02T22:03:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/273",
      "number": 273,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Updating submission forms to reflect industry standards",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T16:23:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/273#issuecomment-794117131",
          "body": "PRDS has made the pull request: https://github.com/PrincetonUniversityLibrary/dataspace/pull/1"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:16:01",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T19:16:01",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/284",
      "number": 284,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create list of empty bitstream filenames",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T19:54:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/284#issuecomment-794374630",
          "body": "Here's an example from staging:\r\n\r\nhttps://dataspace-staging.princeton.edu/handle/88435/dsp014q77fs42v\r\n\r\nNote that it's been fixed on prod."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:16:01",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:16:10",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:03:46",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T20:03:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/286",
      "number": 286,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SPIKE: Provide metadata and solr data dump for PRDS",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:03:46",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T17:25:29",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T17:25:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/249",
      "number": 249,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update the \"request a copy\" button for requesting items in DataSpace",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T20:20:56",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/249#issuecomment-784464737",
          "body": "PRDS is unfamiliar with this request, presumably this is a request from Lynn.\nHere is an example: https://dataspace-staging.princeton.edu/handle/88435/dsp014q77fs42v\n- [ ] Reach out to Lynn to request new wording"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:57:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T19:57:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/285",
      "number": 285,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Block webcrawlers from accessing bitstreams",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:57:52",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:34:54",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:17:46",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:43:30",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T09:43:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4430",
      "number": 4430,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4430",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.3 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:43:31",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:43:31",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4430",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:27:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:27:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4432",
      "number": 4432,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "PDF not being regenerated when Rights Statement is changed",
      "user_name": "Esmé Cowles",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Esmé Cowles",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:38:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4432#issuecomment-794553001",
          "body": "Closing this ticket — the object was a MVW where the parent rights statement was changed, but the volumes still had the old rights statement."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Esmé Cowles",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:38:13",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:02:30",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T21:02:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4431",
      "number": 4431,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "As a figgy ephemera project owner, I would like to download a CSV of all folders in my project, including those that are boxless",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Cliff Wulfman",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T23:21:24",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4431#issuecomment-794594164",
          "body": "I think you can fix this by changing reports_controller.rb#8 to\r\n``` ruby\r\n@resources = @ephemera_project.boxes.map(&:folders).flatten + @ephemera_project.folders\r\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:02:30",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:02:30",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:02:48",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:02:58",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-05T22:54:39",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-05T22:54:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4428",
      "number": 4428,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4428",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Expand fields included in ephemera metadata export",
      "user_name": "Esmé Cowles",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:38:53",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4428#issuecomment-794553659",
          "body": "See also  https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4431"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Cliff Wulfman",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T23:21:55",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4428#issuecomment-794594636",
          "body": "I think you could include the folders this way:\r\n``` ruby\r\n@resources = @ephemera_project.boxes.map(&:folders).flatten + @ephemera_project.folders\r\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4428",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "lib_jobs": [
    {
      "created_at": "2020-12-18T15:30:40",
      "updated_at": "2020-12-18T15:30:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/43",
      "number": 43,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Absolute ID (AbID) Feature Support",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-17T19:02:13",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-17T19:02:13",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/63",
      "number": 63,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Reporting feature for abIDs",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T20:54:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/63#issuecomment-794441293",
          "body": "Note the change to request, this should output a TSV file, not a flat text file."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "lux": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T05:28:00",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T05:28:00",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux/pull/365",
      "number": 365,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux/pull/365",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux",
      "repository_name": "lux",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.0 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T05:28:00",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux/pull/365",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-07-30T17:17:30",
      "updated_at": "2020-07-30T17:17:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux/pull/331",
      "number": 331,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux/pull/331",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux",
      "repository_name": "lux",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.0 to 6.5.3",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T05:28:01",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux/pull/331#issuecomment-793421849",
          "body": "Superseded by #365."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T05:28:02",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T05:28:02",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lux/pull/331",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T02:26:48",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T02:26:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2363",
      "number": 2363,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2363",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.3 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T02:45:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2363#issuecomment-793293802",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/37762490/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/37762490)\n\nCoverage remained the same at 96.589% when pulling **a5dcd73f4ea3b14234e924a1de47ae3932544e86 on dependabot/npm_and_yarn/elliptic-6.5.4** into **ab84c9a71ec5996b76bf230ab2fb414342df4adf on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T02:26:49",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T02:26:49",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2363",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:54:28",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:54:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2364",
      "number": 2364,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Fully enable lando and remove solr wrapper",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:58:11",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:58:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2365",
      "number": 2365,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2365",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Disable umlaut integration when using Alma",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2365",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:59:58",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:59:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2366",
      "number": 2366,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2366",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Enable call number csv spec to run with lando",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2366",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T13:13:26",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T13:13:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2155",
      "number": 2155,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2155",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Allowing www-data access to journals",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T13:13:36",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T15:18:34",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2155",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-08T17:36:57",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-08T17:36:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2153",
      "number": 2153,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "OJS staging change owner of /var/local/files/journals directory",
      "user_name": "Axa Mei Liauw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T15:28:33",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-04-30T02:07:02",
      "updated_at": "2020-04-30T02:07:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/1478",
      "number": 1478,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "bibdata-alma-worker-qa",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:47:34",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/1478#issuecomment-794295484",
          "body": "@kayiwa said this is done. `bibdata-alma-worker-qa1`"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:46:56",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:46:56",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:46:56",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-25T15:58:02",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-25T15:58:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2134",
      "number": 2134,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2134",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "initial vireo role",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:49:38",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2134",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T21:07:37",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T21:07:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2156",
      "number": 2156,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2156",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "add the temporary finding aids block",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:39:51",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:39:51",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:39:52",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:39:52",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2156",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pul_solr": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-15T17:48:36",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-15T17:48:36",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/issues/257",
      "number": 257,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr",
      "repository_name": "pul_solr",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Start solr backups on solr 7 machines",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:24:14",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:24:15",
          "type": "moved_columns_in_project"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-15T21:52:46",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-15T21:52:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/260",
      "number": 260,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/260",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr",
      "repository_name": "pul_solr",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add a backup subdirectory to separate backups by host",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:24:14",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:24:14",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:24:14",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-03-08T22:24:18",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/260",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:38:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T16:38:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/730",
      "number": 730,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/730",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Run feature specs in browser by setting an environment variable",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/730",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-08T15:01:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-08T15:01:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/727",
      "number": 727,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "FAQ hyperlinks not present",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:45:11",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:49:20",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-19T18:14:02",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-19T18:14:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/671",
      "number": 671,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Notes field when requesting",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T17:21:14",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/671#issuecomment-794190345",
          "body": "@tpendragon would this be a quick fix? I did not put it as blocking but it would be a feature that is not represented in the new site while it is in 2.0"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:16:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/671#issuecomment-794259002",
          "body": "@ccleeton It's not really a quick fix but it's achievable. I could put it in priority after the other blocking release tickets, if it's important enough you want it out on Monday."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:17:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/671#issuecomment-794259755",
          "body": "Priority after monday is fine. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T17:21:14",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T17:21:14",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:16:31",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:16:31",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-05T20:44:51",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-05T20:44:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/723",
      "number": 723,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Components with 2 boxes associated not creating separate transactions",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:28:01",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:38:59",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:35:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:35:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/732",
      "number": 732,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Move findingaids.princeton.edu to the load balancer",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:35:57",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T18:36:01",
          "type": "milestoned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-29T20:47:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-29T20:47:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/631",
      "number": 631,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "in aspace2pulfa, make sure bioghist goes in the right place",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:06:26",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-09-11T18:05:28",
      "updated_at": "2020-09-11T18:05:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/376",
      "number": 376,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "investigate validation of XML files",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:07:36",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-09-10T14:39:34",
      "updated_at": "2020-09-10T14:39:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/370",
      "number": 370,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "we need a way to get structured access restrictions out of ASpace ",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:08:17",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:44:02",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T20:44:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/733",
      "number": 733,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/733",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.3 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:44:03",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:44:03",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/733",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-05T17:10:21",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-05T17:10:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/721",
      "number": 721,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "PULFA 2.0 should be servable from https://pulfa.princeton.edu",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:47:24",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:39:26",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:39:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/734",
      "number": 734,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/734",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Send one Aeon transaction per box.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/734",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:53:45",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T16:53:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731",
      "number": 731,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Biographical/historical notes do not always appear in finding aids ",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:21:36",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731#issuecomment-794265085",
          "body": "Hm, it seems likely this is a timing issue. It may be that because indexing new resources every hour aspace hasn't finished indexing the agent when we pull the EAD. I'm not sure if we'd need to index less often (nightly again, probably) to fix or if there's some other way to handle this."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:23:56",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731#issuecomment-794267832",
          "body": "Ah. Could indexing perhaps happen somewhere in between every hour and nightly? "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:26:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731#issuecomment-794271296",
          "body": "If it's solely a timing issue then probably not - there's always the chance that during the day our scheduled time would coincide with when the record was edited recently. I can look into seeing if we can schedule a \"double-check index job\" or something, or if maybe we can track changes for agents and see if when they change we can reindex attached EADs."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:27:58",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731#issuecomment-794272606",
          "body": "Thanks, Trey.\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T18:35:00",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731#issuecomment-794280832",
          "body": "It looks like there's just something wrong with our indexing, re-indexing that record didn't add the bioghist note. That's good news - probably easier to fix. I'll look into it soon."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T22:57:55",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731#issuecomment-794571848",
          "body": "@faithc \r\n\r\nOh wow, this is pretty bad UX in aspace. I'm sure it has a reason, but yeah.\r\n\r\nOkay, so it's a user entry issue that I also would have done. The agent for C1667 has a bioghist note which is published, but the sub note (which has the actual content), is NOT published. If you edit the agent and check that box it should reindex with the bioghist.\r\n\r\n![Screen Shot 2021-03-09 at 2 56 44 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2806645/110549963-b5c02000-80e7-11eb-90aa-fb6a4f0586b5.png)\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T23:11:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/731#issuecomment-794585024",
          "body": "Oh wow, that's ridiculous...Thanks for investigating, Trey!"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:53:45",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:53:45",
          "type": "milestoned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:57:55",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T22:57:55",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "pulmap": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:35:36",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T09:35:36",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/915",
      "number": 915,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/915",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap",
      "repository_name": "pulmap",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump elliptic from 6.5.3 to 6.5.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2021-03-09T09:38:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/915#issuecomment-793626756",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/37771337/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/37771337)\n\nCoverage remained the same at 100.0% when pulling **71bff3c9f2addddfdbffc1970b4181d635d431ca on dependabot/npm_and_yarn/elliptic-6.5.4** into **5809f77d8827f494d032040cdf576b19a78d4378 on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:35:37",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T09:35:37",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/915",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "requests": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-03T19:23:25",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-03T19:23:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/900",
      "number": 900,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/900",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Adding offsite storage facility Clancy to the system",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T13:03:34",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:39:12",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T16:40:15",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:03:59",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-03-09T19:53:55",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/900",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 53,
    "closed_count": 6,
    "created_count": 10,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 6,
    "pull_request_open_count": 17,
    "updated_count": 14,
    "today": "2021-03-09T22:00:05",
    "yesterday": "2021-03-08T22:00:05"
  }
}