{
  "DSS": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-30T21:12:03",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-30T21:12:03",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/326",
      "number": 326,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/326",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Upgrade to Blacklight 8.0.0.beta.x",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T15:01:53",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/326#issuecomment-1419223294",
          "body": "After upgrade to beta5 release, the close button on the modal does not work on dss-staging"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:54:58",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:58:03",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:17:53",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:39:36",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:01:34",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:01:34",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:01:34",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:01:35",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/326",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:18:49",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:18:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/333",
      "number": 333,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Change mailer configuration from `example.com`",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:28:45",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/333#issuecomment-1419458779",
          "body": "Questions: \r\n1. What should the email be?\r\n2. Does it need to be hidden behind an environment variable via ansible vault, or can we put it directly in the repo?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T20:20:56",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/333#issuecomment-1419695201",
          "body": "We can use: data@princeton.edu as the email sender, that is the unit common email address. We seem to have other applications that set this value in code so I think it's ok to do so here. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:18:49",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "aspace_helpers": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-27T15:27:26",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-27T15:27:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/344",
      "number": 344,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "open",
      "title": " Open AC107.01-AC107.16 link containers",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "phoebeno",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T21:57:34",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/344#issuecomment-1419830495",
          "body": "[AC107_Archival_Objects_for_RH.xlsx](https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/files/10669470/AC107_Archival_Objects_for_RH.xlsx)\r\n@regineheberlein, here is a spreadsheet to link the Archival Objects to the containers by barcode. This is a copy, so please feel free to delete all the columns you do not need. Please note that some objects are spread across two containers, so there is data in the second container column when that happens. Be in touch! Thank you many times. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T21:57:35",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T21:57:35",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "cicognara-static": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-03T23:09:39",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-03T23:09:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-static/pull/23",
      "number": 23,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-static/pull/23",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-static",
      "repository_name": "cicognara-static",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Indexes",
      "user_name": "Cliff Wulfman",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-static/pull/23",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "dacs_handbook": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:52:47",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:52:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook/pull/48",
      "number": 48,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook/pull/48",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook",
      "repository_name": "dacs_handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "add meaning of points",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:06:09",
          "type": "review_requested"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook/pull/48",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-18T14:45:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-18T14:45:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/715",
      "number": 715,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Ensure that RDSS team members can access the Elements CIFS/samba HR feed mount",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:41:23",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-11-28T14:19:56",
      "updated_at": "2022-11-28T14:19:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/702",
      "number": 702,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Provide Support for HR Imports into Symplectic Elements for Digital Science",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:41:26",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-26T15:12:02",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-26T15:12:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/722",
      "number": 722,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ensure that CPanel user accounts for oawaiver are removed",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T20:23:33",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/722#issuecomment-1419701094",
          "body": "This is being tracked with https://princeton.service-now.com/now/workspace/agent/record/incident/f9d4c1ee8774219418ce52883cbb3528. There are currently no updates."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-01T17:53:43",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-01T17:53:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/723",
      "number": 723,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Import the January 2023 Dissertations into DataSpace",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T21:10:55",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/723#issuecomment-1419760886",
          "body": "Update: \r\nThe ProQuest dissertations are not on the server. The IP address on the server changed behind the scenes and I suspect that we have a reoccurance of something that happened in January 2022, which is that ProQuest had their automated system transfer the files, the transfer failed, and they didn't notice.\r\n\r\nI talked to Francis about this and we've restored connectivity for the system, and he's going to talk to Steph about how to keep that system more stable (we will need to pay for a permanent IP address). \r\n\r\nI've emailed ProQuest (message pasted below) and hopefully they will respond soon and re-send the missing files:\r\n\r\n> \r\n> \r\n> Dear ProQuest Dissertation Service,\r\n>  \r\n> I am writing from Princeton University Library. We have an automated system set up with you whereby theses are transferred to our SFTP server on a regular basis. Sometimes, something goes wrong and we have to re-send the theses (see attached email chain about when this happened last, about a year ago).\r\n>  \r\n> We recently experienced some disruption in our infrastructure and I believe this has led to another missed shipment of dissertations. Would you please re-send the 57 dissertations that were most recently transferred to Princeton University Library? I am attaching a spreadsheet of the missing documents.\r\n>  \r\n> Thank you in advance!\r\n> Bess Sadler\r\n> Research Data Infrastructure Developer\r\n> Princeton University Library"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:15:30",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:15:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5663",
      "number": 5663,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5663",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Upgrade to Blacklight 8",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5663",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T19:21:29",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T19:21:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5664",
      "number": 5664,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5664",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Rescue ObjectNotFoundError in UpdateDaoJob for deleted objects",
      "user_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:12:51",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:12:51",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:12:51",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:12:53",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5664",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-12-16T18:10:39",
      "updated_at": "2021-12-16T18:10:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4842",
      "number": 4842,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "UpdateDaoJob should not retry if the object is deleted.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:12:53",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-04-07T15:57:55",
      "updated_at": "2022-04-07T15:57:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5046",
      "number": 5046,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "`logo` property in IIIF 3 manifests should be an array.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:15:15",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T19:54:49",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T19:54:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5665",
      "number": 5665,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5665",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Remove the processed_event model",
      "user_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T19:59:23",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:50:51",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:56:05",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5665",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "lib_jobs": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:16:21",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:16:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/461",
      "number": 461,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/461",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add ruby upgrade issue template",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/461",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:54:57",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T20:54:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/462",
      "number": 462,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/462",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "i435: Validate the presence of required CSV headers",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:54:57",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:56:09",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T22:57:24",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T22:57:24",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T22:57:24",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T22:57:25",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/462",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-15T19:28:55",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-15T19:28:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/435",
      "number": 435,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Jobs should raise an error if required CSV headers / fields are not included",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T22:57:26",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "lockers_and_study_spaces": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-10-18T16:28:42",
      "updated_at": "2022-10-18T16:28:42",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/125",
      "number": 125,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Allow users to request specific accessibility needs",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:26:27",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/125#issuecomment-1419364992",
          "body": "Double check with Lewis staff if they have options that are related to accessibility that they'd like enumerated or if they would like just a free-text field. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T21:48:43",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T21:48:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/109",
      "number": 109,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Lewis Library application",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T21:57:18",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T21:57:18",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/112",
      "number": 112,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Lists of locker applications should be scoped to the administrator's library",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/112#issuecomment-1419379106",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/Feature-Work-Cycle-Board-571691cab409d8d821b873be/issues/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/112?planning-poker) with Zenhub @sandbergja @maxkadel @rladdusaw @christinach"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:35:31",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T22:01:46",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T22:01:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/113",
      "number": 113,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Alert locker administrator on duplicate application at another library",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/113#issuecomment-1419397316",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/Feature-Work-Cycle-Board-571691cab409d8d821b873be/issues/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/113?planning-poker) with Zenhub @christinach @maxkadel @rladdusaw @sandbergja"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:48:39",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T22:07:34",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T22:07:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/115",
      "number": 115,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Custom locker assignment email for Lewis lockers",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:27",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/115#issuecomment-1289238530",
          "body": "Need wording on the email from Sylvia and Kelee at Lewis on where they want to pick up their keys. Ask this alongside #125.  "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:57",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/115#issuecomment-1419405008",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/Feature-Work-Cycle-Board-571691cab409d8d821b873be/issues/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/115?planning-poker) with Zenhub @christinach @maxkadel @rladdusaw @sandbergja"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:58",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:58",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:58",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:58",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:58",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:59",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:59",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:59",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-03T17:22:37",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-03T17:22:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3331",
      "number": 3331,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create the Report Harmful Language Form - email to new harmful content ",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T21:39:28",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3331#issuecomment-1419788267",
          "body": "Questions:\n- The \"name\" and \"email\" fields in the form are not required. \n  1. The \"from\" email is required for the Mailer - is defaulting to the same as the \"to\" address ok?\n  1. In the email that is sent, if either of these values was not submitted, would it be better to:\n     1. leave those lines out of the email entirely\n     1. have a default value like \"Name: No name submitted\" \n     1. leave the value blank?\n\nExamples for scenario where no name was submitted:\n```\n# Option a\nEmail: test@test.com\nSubject: [Possible Harmful Language] Example title\nContext: https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/example_id\nComments: I have a concern about this subject heading\n\n# Option b\nName: No name submitted\nEmail: test@test.com\nSubject: [Possible Harmful Language] Example title\nContext: https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/example_id\nComments: I have a concern about this subject heading\n\n# Option c\nName: \nEmail: test@test.com\nSubject: [Possible Harmful Language] Example title\nContext: https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/example_id\nComments: I have a concern about this subject heading\n```\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_describe": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-03T15:43:20",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-03T15:43:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/949",
      "number": 949,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/949",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Allowing vite javascript to not be minifed in the Development environment",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:22:44",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:22:44",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:22:44",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:22:46",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/949",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-04T00:05:34",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-04T00:05:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/953",
      "number": 953,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/953",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Test flash messages",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:21:09",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:21:09",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:21:09",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:21:11",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/953",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-02T15:54:52",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-02T15:54:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/943",
      "number": 943,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Write test to confirm that flash messages are being rendered on homepage",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:21:11",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:35:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T15:35:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/955",
      "number": 955,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Try to put eslint CLI options into config",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:52:27",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T15:52:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/956",
      "number": 956,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Use destructuring instead of long parameter lists in JS",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:52:28",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:52:28",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:30:44",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T15:30:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/954",
      "number": 954,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/954",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adding .es6 files to the eslint",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:14",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:14",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:14",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:15",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/954",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-30T21:59:52",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-30T21:59:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/916",
      "number": 916,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/916",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Remove params as we read them; flag unexpected params",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:13:50",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/916#issuecomment-1419343955",
          "body": "This complexity this would add is not worth the rare error it would catch."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:13:50",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:13:54",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/916",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-03T20:29:56",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-03T20:29:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/951",
      "number": 951,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/951",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Moving DOI copy to clipboard into Vite managed class",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T14:26:12",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/951#issuecomment-1419168291",
          "body": "I'm not actually requesting a review, but I can't figure out how to un-select it. Feel free to merge without my input. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T14:45:37",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/951#issuecomment-1419198949",
          "body": "@mccalluc I think that cleaning up javascript style should either be done before or after this PR.  Again this was just a direct copy to move the code into Vite.  I would like to keep the change as simple as possible to give an example of how to move the code.  In general I think the project JavaScript is a mess.  So making updates to it's style are fine by me.  I do think that putting javascript in the pages, in Sprokets and in Vite is just a recipe for disaster.  My goal with this PR, was to make the code a bit better by heading to all javascript in Vite.  We could certainly ticket the updates you suggest."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:25:15",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:29:17",
          "type": "review_request_removed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:45:38",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T14:45:38",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:15:07",
          "type": "review_dismissed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:15:08",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:24:19",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:24:26",
          "type": "review_request_removed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:29:08",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:29:08",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:29:09",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:29:10",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/951",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:34:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:34:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/957",
      "number": 957,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Clean up eslint ignores",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:41:39",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:41:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/958",
      "number": 958,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Clean up Javascript locations",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T19:57:46",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T19:57:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/960",
      "number": 960,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/960",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Counting the number of files stored in amazon to allow the user to see system processing progress",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T20:24:56",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/960",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T21:10:10",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T21:10:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/961",
      "number": 961,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Error performing ActiveStorage::AnalyzeJob",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:56:27",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:56:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/959",
      "number": 959,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Describe Form: Add Affiliation (and ROR) to the Creator Property Set",
      "user_name": "Hannah H",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Hannah H",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T21:43:56",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/959#issuecomment-1419809211",
          "body": "**Question for discussion:** How can we show that only the Given name and Family name are required at this time? \r\n\r\nSome considerations:\r\n- We don't want to overly de-emphasize any of the optional fields (particularly the ORCID ID), but we might want to highlight affiliation and ROR as options in some way. \r\n- Would automatically auto-adding Princeton University + its ROR be useful or problematic? It would be filled in this way in most cases. However, the users who requested this feature have need to describe co-creators that may come from other institutions -- so we definitely need to allow the depositor and moderators to edit these fields. That said, is it still useful to auto-populate or does it create a burden to change?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-30T14:41:31",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-30T14:41:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3672",
      "number": 3672,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3672",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ubuntu certificates will occasionally expire",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3672",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-04T21:53:25",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-04T21:53:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3683",
      "number": 3683,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3683",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[server maintenance] add libserv31 ",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T15:54:08",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3683#issuecomment-1419310075",
          "body": "Looks good, thanks @kayiwa. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:54:08",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:54:08",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:54:30",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:54:30",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:54:30",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:54:31",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3683",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T13:57:42",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T13:57:42",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3684",
      "number": 3684,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3684",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[TLS cert renewal]",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:17",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3684#issuecomment-1419312799",
          "body": "Awesome!"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:24",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:25",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:25",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T15:55:26",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3684",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-03-15T17:03:55",
      "updated_at": "2022-03-15T17:03:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2852",
      "number": 2852,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Make Ansible alerts more specific",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:02:35",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2852#issuecomment-1335875577",
          "body": "Remaining examples of `{{ inventory_hostname }} complete` as of today - all in the `playbooks` directory:\r\n- [x] cantaloupe_production.yml, cantaloupe_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [ ] confluence_staging.yml (can this be renamed?)\r\n- [x] figgy_production.yml, figgy_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [ ] lib_smb_serve_production.yml (what is this?)\r\n- [x] lib_statistics_staging.yml (what is this?)\r\n- [x] libruby_dev.yml, libruby_production.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [x] libstatic_production.yml, libstatic_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [ ] libwww_production.yml, libwww_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [x] mariadb_gcp_dev.yml\r\n- [x] mariadb_production.yml (can this be deleted?)\r\n- [x] nginxplus_production_rebuild.yml\r\n- [x] oar_gcp_beta.yml, oar_gcp_dev.yml, oar_gcp_production.yml, oar_gcp_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [x] oawaiver_production.yml, oawaiver_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [x] openbooks_production.yml\r\n- [x] pdc_describe.yml\r\n- [x] pdc_discovery.yml\r\n- [x] postgresql_gcp_dev.yml, postgresql_gcp_production.yml, postgresql_gcp_staging.yml (consolidate, maybe delete?)\r\n- [ ] postgresql_production.yml, postgresql_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [ ] redis_production.yml (do we need this? Do we install redis standalone?)\r\n- [x] repec_production.yml, repec_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [ ] solr8cloud_production.yml, solr8cloud_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n- [ ] solrcloud_production.yml, solrcloud_staging.yml (consolidate)\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:25:39",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:25:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3687",
      "number": 3687,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3687",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[ansible] remove lib-statistics references",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:27:33",
          "type": "review_requested"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3687",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-01T14:12:29",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-01T14:12:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3678",
      "number": 3678,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3678",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[orangelight] Change env variable name and remove unused vars",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:37",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:37",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:37",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:39",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3678",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-18T04:49:02",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-18T04:49:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3637",
      "number": 3637,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Remove Unused Environment Variables and Vault Keys for Alma APIs in Orangelight",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:39",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:39",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-18T04:38:18",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-18T04:38:18",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3636",
      "number": 3636,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Rename environment variable for Alma in OL",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:39",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-12T23:11:41",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-12T23:11:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3619",
      "number": 3619,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Remove Borrow Direct Auth Key from OL Playbook",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:39",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:35:40",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:20:44",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:20:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3686",
      "number": 3686,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3686",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[ansible operations] add pulmirror vm",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:27:17",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:19:52",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:19:53",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:19:53",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:19:54",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3686",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:01",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T16:53:01",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3685",
      "number": 3685,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add pulmirror box to production group",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:19:54",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-24T16:13:28",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-24T16:13:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3656",
      "number": 3656,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "are we using the lib_solr role",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-06T20:51:29",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3656#issuecomment-1419731415",
          "body": "Weird. The `solr8cloud_<env>` and `solrcloud_<env>` playbooks all call the `lib_solr` role and then the `solrcloud` role. See https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/blob/454754295921e8a3ee1e1cd07ee4f42b73814c4e/playbooks/solrcloud_production.yml#L13-L14 for example. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-20T18:09:52",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-20T18:09:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3561",
      "number": 3561,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3561",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "add qa vms to inventory",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-07T00:28:40",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3561",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-28T20:37:33",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-28T20:37:33",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3580",
      "number": 3580,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3580",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Configure sitemap cacheing in nginx for orangelight",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-07T00:28:49",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3580",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-01T14:55:49",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-01T14:55:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3679",
      "number": 3679,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3679",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[orangelight] Remove unused Alma API keys",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-07T00:29:09",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3679",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T21:28:09",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T21:28:09",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1222",
      "number": 1222,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Display physical location text notes",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T21:28:09",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "tiger-data-app": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:25:59",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:25:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/25",
      "number": 25,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Confirm access and privileges on TigerData staging server",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:27:46",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:28:14",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:28:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/26",
      "number": 26,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Spin up local MediaFlux containers",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:29:22",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:29:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/27",
      "number": 27,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Connect development environment to local MediaFlux instance",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:29:59",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:29:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/28",
      "number": 28,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Connect testing environment to MediaFlux staging",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 56,
    "closed_count": 8,
    "created_count": 13,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 15,
    "pull_request_open_count": 8,
    "updated_count": 12,
    "today": "2023-02-06T22:00:05",
    "yesterday": "2023-02-05T22:00:05"
  }
}