{
  "DSS": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:44:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:44:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/335",
      "number": 335,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/335",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add acceptance criteria in issue template",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/335",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "approvals": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T22:24:43",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T22:24:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/857",
      "number": 857,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/857",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals",
      "repository_name": "approvals",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add acceptance criteria to issue templates",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:31:39",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:31:39",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:31:39",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:31:40",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/857",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T22:27:59",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T22:27:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/858",
      "number": 858,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/858",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals",
      "repository_name": "approvals",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "bundle update rails",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:33:09",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:33:09",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:33:09",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:33:11",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/approvals/pull/858",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "aspace_helpers": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:50:48",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:50:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/347",
      "number": 347,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "AC107.xx get input file for uri mapping from log file for container creation",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:50:49",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:51:05",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:51:45",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:51:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/348",
      "number": 348,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "AC107.xx get barcode-uri mapping",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:51:45",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:54:36",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-05T20:50:57",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-05T20:50:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/320",
      "number": 320,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "AC107.01-AC107.16 create new container records",
      "user_name": "phoebeno",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:17:08",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:31:03",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:31:03",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/350",
      "number": 350,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "newly created AC107.xx containers missing from staging",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "phoebeno",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:46:45",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/350#issuecomment-1428273276",
          "body": "Hi @regineheberlein thank you! These barcodes are all associated with existing containers on prod. The numbers make sense to me, because they were boxes that already had containers in FAs that had been added at some point by hand. Does that make sense at all. Will the process work, as long as these barcodes do exist in ASpace production now?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:48:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/350#issuecomment-1428275834",
          "body": "Oh, I see! Ok, thanks for clarifying! I'll make sure we check for existing containers so we don't link them twice."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:31:04",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:31:04",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:31:04",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:46:45",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:46:45",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:48:41",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:52:21",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:52:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/351",
      "number": 351,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "when linking AC107.xx containers, check whether they are already linked",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:52:21",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:55:11",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:55:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/349",
      "number": 349,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "map container uri to ao uri on container barcode",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:55:11",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:12:16",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:57:03",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-27T15:27:26",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-27T15:27:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/344",
      "number": 344,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "AC107.01-AC107.16 link containers",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T22:58:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/344#issuecomment-1428818962",
          "body": "@phoebeno These are now linked in staging (minus the barcodes that exist on prod already but not on staging), can you take a look?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:16:11",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:22:01",
          "type": "reopened"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:57:24",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:58:09",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:58:09",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-20T13:56:44",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-20T13:56:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/2052",
      "number": 2052,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Method to identify invalid utf8, failed to identify SCSB record with invalid utf8",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:19:01",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-07T00:39:47",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-07T00:39:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/2043",
      "number": 2043,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Lewis as a Pick-up Option for Plasma Physics Items",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T21:38:06",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T21:38:14",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "dacs_handbook": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-09T20:36:26",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-09T20:36:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook/pull/51",
      "number": 51,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook/pull/51",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook",
      "repository_name": "dacs_handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Start new application, include accessibility",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:29:04",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:53:44",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:53:44",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:53:45",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:53:46",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dacs_handbook/pull/51",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "dpul": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T20:59:46",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T20:59:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/1432",
      "number": 1432,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul",
      "repository_name": "dpul",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Research: Allowing users to add new link to navigation bar",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T17:36:40",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/1432#issuecomment-1428373226",
          "body": "@kelea99 I'm still confused - aren't those just about pages? Like can't you add one the same way virtual gallery tour was added?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T17:41:34",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dpul/issues/1432#issuecomment-1428380072",
          "body": "\r\nYou can add them vertically (via dropdown). You cannot add another navigation item horizontally. \r\nSo you have up-to and not exceeding 4 static tabs that can be activated horizontally in the navigation bar:\r\n1. home\r\n2. Curated Features (with dropdowns of subpages)\r\n3. Browse\r\n4. About (when you click on about, you will be directed to a page and sidebar with the other subpages)\r\n\r\nScreenshot of menu bar options:\r\n\r\n![Screen Shot 2023-02-13 at 12 41 03 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45043014/218532230-0de897de-a213-4e02-ac96-c932c8021c3f.png)"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:36:41",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:36:41",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-11-28T14:44:27",
      "updated_at": "2022-11-28T14:44:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/703",
      "number": 703,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Enable e-mail messaging service for Symplectic Elements",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T14:57:57",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/703#issuecomment-1428080220",
          "body": "This should be in the final stages of being enabled, I am just waiting for Digital Science to confirm that I can test this for the production environment."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-13T19:43:56",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-13T19:43:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/707",
      "number": 707,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Request to have members of Digital Science receive a monthly export of the HR feed required for Elements",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:03:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/707#issuecomment-1428200483",
          "body": "This is now being tracked with the following SN@P ticket: https://princeton.service-now.com/now/workspace/agent/record/incident/2f8cdc748745615818ce52883cbb358d"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:02:43",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T17:26:31",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T17:26:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5674",
      "number": 5674,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5674",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Numismatic Accessions should validate dates",
      "user_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:22:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5674#issuecomment-1428627899",
          "body": "See https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5675"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:09:54",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:37:29",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5674",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:21:00",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:21:00",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5675",
      "number": 5675,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5675",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Numismatic accessions date validation",
      "user_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Taylor Yamashita",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:23:59",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5675#issuecomment-1428630105",
          "body": "The validator I created currently says \"Dates should be DateTime objects\" when given an invalid date input, but what kind of error message would be most helpful?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5675",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-13T21:16:04",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-13T21:16:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5595",
      "number": 5595,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5595",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Use events for tracking local fixity checks",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:29:42",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:29:43",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:29:43",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:29:44",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5595",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2019-01-15T00:27:41",
      "updated_at": "2019-01-15T00:27:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/2431",
      "number": 2431,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "CheckFixityJob should create Fixity Events instead of storing status as part of the FileSet",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:29:44",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "lib_jobs": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-06-02T19:27:16",
      "updated_at": "2022-06-02T19:27:16",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/352",
      "number": 352,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Data changed in the Alma person feed file",
      "user_name": "mzelesky",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:20:10",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/352#issuecomment-1428231397",
          "body": "I believe this is already in place - confirm, and if so, can close this issue. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:46:53",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:46:53",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/473",
      "number": 473,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/473",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add acceptance criteria to issue templates",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:20:42",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:20:42",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:20:42",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:20:43",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/473",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-10-14T15:39:06",
      "updated_at": "2022-10-14T15:39:06",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/405",
      "number": 405,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Create new POD stream for compressed files",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:21:06",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T22:24:02",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T22:24:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/394",
      "number": 394,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Compress Data Submitted to POD",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T14:21:18",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/394#issuecomment-1428021302",
          "body": "New default is at https://pod.stanford.edu/organizations/princeton/streams/princeton-prod-0223. We can keep sending up to this stream and stop sending them to the other two streams which the POD folks will delete once we give them the ok. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:26:09",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:35:37",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T15:35:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/474",
      "number": 474,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/474",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Only send compressed data to POD",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:40:27",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:55:11",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:55:11",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:55:11",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:55:12",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/474",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-09T15:12:02",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-09T15:12:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/470",
      "number": 470,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Stop Sending Uncompressed Data to POD",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:06:58",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:31:45",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:55:13",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:59:11",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T17:59:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/475",
      "number": 475,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/475",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update circleci postgres version",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/475",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "lockers_and_study_spaces": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:49:59",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:49:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/178",
      "number": 178,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/178",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add acceptance criteria in issue templates",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:51:29",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:51:29",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:51:29",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:51:31",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/178",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T21:57:18",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T21:57:18",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/112",
      "number": 112,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Lists of locker applications should be scoped to the administrator's library",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:25:24",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/112#issuecomment-1428240374",
          "body": "Having issues with with authentication & nav bar. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-10-26T00:33:11",
      "updated_at": "2022-10-26T00:33:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/136",
      "number": 136,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Seed data will need to be made aware of the new Building model",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:45",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/136#issuecomment-1428256401",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/Feature-Work-Cycle-Board-571691cab409d8d821b873be/issues/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/136?planning-poker) with Zenhub @kevinreiss @sandbergja @christinach @rladdusaw @regineheberlein"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:46",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:46",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:46",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:46",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:46",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:46",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:46",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:47",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:47",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:35:47",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T21:48:43",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T21:48:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/109",
      "number": 109,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Lewis Library application",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/109#issuecomment-1428261276",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/Feature-Work-Cycle-Board-571691cab409d8d821b873be/issues/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/109?planning-poker) with Zenhub @christinach @kevinreiss @regineheberlein @rladdusaw @sandbergja"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:51",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:51",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:51",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:52",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:52",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:52",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:52",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:52",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:52",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:38:52",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T22:09:40",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T22:09:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/116",
      "number": 116,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add new lewis lockers in bulk ",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:49:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/116#issuecomment-1428276728",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/Feature-Work-Cycle-Board-571691cab409d8d821b873be/issues/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/116?planning-poker) with Zenhub @christinach @regineheberlein @sandbergja"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:49:09",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:49:09",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:49:09",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:49:09",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:49:10",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:49:10",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-09T19:51:07",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-09T19:51:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/177",
      "number": 177,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/177",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add accessibility needs to locker_application",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T18:01:43",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/177#issuecomment-1428410794",
          "body": "> Looks good, @maxkadel . I have one concern, though. Any existing applications where the \"accessible\" checkbox was checked now no longer display on the locker assignment page.\r\n> \r\n> For example: https://lockers-and-study-spaces-staging.princeton.edu/locker_applications/835/assign -- the user requested an accessible locker before this branch was deployed, but it doesn't display on this screen, so the staff member wouldn't know about their request.\r\n\r\nThanks @sandbergja , that's a good point. I can see two ways of addressing that:\r\n\r\n1. Add a migration that adds unspecified \"Accessible: true\" to some value in the new `accessibility_needs` field - e.g. `['Unspecified accessibility need]` or something like that\r\n2. Display both the old Accessible boolean and the new accessibility_needs array on the show view"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T19:44:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/177#issuecomment-1428483030",
          "body": "Thanks, @maxkadel !\r\n\r\n>     1. Add a migration that adds unspecified \"Accessible: true\" to some value in the new `accessibility_needs` field - e.g. `['Unspecified accessibility need]` or something like that\r\n\r\nI like option 1 better â€” it seems like a less complex ui, and would make it easier if we wanted to remove the boolean field eventually.\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:57:49",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:01:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:01:44",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:01:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:01:44",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:55:39",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:55:39",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T21:17:28",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T21:17:55",
          "type": "review_requested"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/177",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/179",
      "number": 179,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Several lux grids should actually be lux data tables",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Shaun Ellis",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Shaun Ellis",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:31:40",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T22:01:46",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T22:01:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/113",
      "number": 113,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Alert locker administrator on duplicate application at another library",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:23:35",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/113#issuecomment-1428237371",
          "body": "UI issues - may create a mock-up and send it around for ideas / feedback."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T23:35:01",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/113#issuecomment-1428861942",
          "body": "Prototype here: https://xd.adobe.com/view/2d6d8c85-4e15-4c0b-86d1-f7f6124455ee-783e/"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "ops-catchall": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:16:54",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:16:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall/pull/25",
      "number": 25,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall/pull/25",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall",
      "repository_name": "ops-catchall",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "add troubleshooting tips to setenv.sh",
      "user_name": "Vickie Karasic",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Robert-Anthony Lee-Faison",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:24:48",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Robert-Anthony Lee-Faison",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:24:48",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Robert-Anthony Lee-Faison",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:24:49",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Robert-Anthony Lee-Faison",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:24:56",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall/pull/25",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T22:46:28",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T22:46:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3416",
      "number": 3416,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3416",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Upgrade json5 to non-vulnerable version",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:34:45",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:34:45",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:34:45",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:34:47",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3416",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T21:59:21",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T21:59:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3415",
      "number": 3415,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3415",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add data for Stackmap display",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:33:44",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3415#issuecomment-1427952138",
          "body": "@maxkadel circleci is failing"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T13:48:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3415#issuecomment-1427970944",
          "body": "@christinach  - I've commented on this in the PR for the branch I'm merging this into (not main). It's an accessibility issue that the vendor needs to address."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:33:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:33:44",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:48:31",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:48:31",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:48:40",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:48:40",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:48:41",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:48:42",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3415",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-08T15:52:07",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-08T15:52:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3402",
      "number": 3402,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3402",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "I3392 stackmap javascript",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3402",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T17:28:47",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T17:28:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3413",
      "number": 3413,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add data attributes with Library and Human Readable Shelf Location for new Stackmap Implementation. ",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T15:37:59",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3413#issuecomment-1428156168",
          "body": "@kevinreiss  - Is it ok that this is just on the Stackmap Modal branch, or is this something that we need to add to production so it's easier for them to work with?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:09:12",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3413#issuecomment-1428211779",
          "body": "Add attributes to main as well so the vendors can see in production (not behind firewall)"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:37:59",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:37:59",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-06T02:48:48",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-06T02:48:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3354",
      "number": 3354,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Available items in firestone$pf and in SCSB display label status Available -  In Process",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:12:52",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3354#issuecomment-1428218440",
          "body": "@kevinreiss will add to circ meeting agenda"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:12:52",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:12:52",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-02T16:57:05",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-02T16:57:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3392",
      "number": 3392,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add New Stackmap Modal",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T15:39:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3392#issuecomment-1428158714",
          "body": "Is this work that should be behind the Firestone Stackmap feature flipper? (I wouldn't want to merge it into main in any case until the accessibility test is passing)"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T16:15:04",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3392#issuecomment-1428222433",
          "body": "Put this behind Firestone feature flipper - be sure that the new button does not appear for any libraries, including Firestone if the feature is not flipped. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:52:53",
          "type": "unassigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:52:53",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:16:12",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T14:16:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3417",
      "number": 3417,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3417",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Fix atom feed - respond to html",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T14:24:00",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3417#issuecomment-1428025843",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/56876725/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/56876725)\n\nCoverage: 94.393%. Remained the same when pulling **c72ad96cb053a0545074674e4572f2b009b9e071 on atom_feed** into **ddf15f8df95b2888c5e36ff9ec858465344b981b on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:17:01",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:34:48",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:34:48",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:34:49",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:34:50",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3417",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:46:05",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T17:46:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3418",
      "number": 3418,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3418",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add location-library and -name for Stackmap",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T18:40:29",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3418#issuecomment-1428466019",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/56884997/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/56884997)\n\nCoverage: 94.393%. Remained the same when pulling **5e24c564c51923f5006121df4df23c48a75ba48f on add_data_attributes** into **0c015d29c2be738b43bd56437faa668977c3522f on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:53:29",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3418",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-09T15:13:21",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-09T15:13:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3406",
      "number": 3406,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Atom XML Returns as HTML",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:06:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3406#issuecomment-1428603925",
          "body": "This ended up being very easy to fix, so I did not investigate its use in Datadog."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:54:13",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:15:19",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:34:50",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:34:51",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:47:20",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T19:47:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3419",
      "number": 3419,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "RSS link in Catalog search results is broken",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:15:42",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3419#issuecomment-1428618012",
          "body": "Closed by #3417 - see also #3406"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "EsmÃ© Cowles",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:47:21",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "EsmÃ© Cowles",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:47:21",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:15:42",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_describe": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-01T17:00:51",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-01T17:00:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/931",
      "number": 931,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add pagination to the show page of the Work for the pre-curated files",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:53:40",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:34:27",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:34:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/978",
      "number": 978,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Upgrade node plugin for asdf",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:36:58",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:36:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/979",
      "number": 979,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Ruby install with asdf complains that tar is missing",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T21:05:59",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/979#issuecomment-1428682073",
          "body": "huh: Since I couldn't figure that out, I went along and ran `brew install gpg`... and now that it seems happy.\r\n\r\nbefore:\r\n```\r\n$ asdf install\r\nnodejs 16.15.0 is already installed\r\nruby 3.0.3 is already installed\r\nâ›” Missing one or more of the following dependencies: tar, gpg\r\n```\r\nafter:\r\n```\r\n$ asdf install\r\nnodejs 16.15.0 is already installed\r\nruby 3.0.3 is already installed\r\nyarn 1.22.19 is already installed\r\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T21:05:59",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T21:57:06",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T21:57:06",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/980",
      "number": 980,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Document necessity for postgres sql installation / Pointers for installation in M-1",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T22:09:20",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-30T14:41:31",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-30T14:41:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3672",
      "number": 3672,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3672",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ubuntu certificates will occasionally expire",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3672",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T17:25:39",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T17:25:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3687",
      "number": 3687,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3687",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[ansible] remove lib-statistics references",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:19:07",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:19:07",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:19:07",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:19:08",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3687",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-31T22:20:11",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-31T22:20:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3676",
      "number": 3676,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Decommission lib-statistics-staging",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:19:08",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-02T20:58:36",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-02T20:58:36",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3681",
      "number": 3681,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3681",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "adds honeybadger key to lib_jobs staging, follows pattern for HB usage",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3681",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pul-it-handbook": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:29:52",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T15:29:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook/pull/152",
      "number": 152,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook/pull/152",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook",
      "repository_name": "pul-it-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "A place to collect and share workshops we develop or attend",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:30:59",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:30:59",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:30:59",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:31:01",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook/pull/152",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pul_solr": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:33:12",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T18:33:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/356",
      "number": 356,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/356",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr",
      "repository_name": "pul_solr",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "add new gems for ed25519 ssh key",
      "user_name": "Vickie Karasic",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:36:14",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:36:14",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:36:14",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:36:16",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/356",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-11-03T16:50:51",
      "updated_at": "2021-11-03T16:50:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/924",
      "number": 924,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Accessrestrict notes aren't inheriting from their parent, but from the root instead.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:34:37",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:35:47",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-02T18:36:20",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-02T18:36:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1221",
      "number": 1221,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Online Content icons not appearing for some components",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T17:50:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1221#issuecomment-1428396038",
          "body": "This seems to be ok now?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-06-06T14:42:37",
      "updated_at": "2022-06-06T14:42:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1085",
      "number": 1085,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "index langmaterial for components",
      "user_name": "phoebeno",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:19:49",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-02-22T14:28:05",
      "updated_at": "2022-02-22T14:28:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/984",
      "number": 984,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "publish URIs on component page",
      "user_name": "phoebeno",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:22:47",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:40:04",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T17:40:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1225",
      "number": 1225,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Implement new access note data model",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "phoebeno",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:12:40",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1225#issuecomment-1428595475",
          "body": "1) OPEN. Collection-level, series-level or component-level access type is blank or has type \"open\": this is considered equal to \"open\" and no badge should display. \r\n2) REVIEW. Collection-level, or series-level access type is \"review\": display badge \"Restrictions may apply. See Access note.\" (yellow) (not used at component level)\r\n3) RESTRICTED. Collection-level, series-level, or component-level access type is \"restricted\": display badge \"Restricted content.\" (red)\r\n\r\nRestriction types filter DOWN from collection level and file group level. No need for restriction types to filter up from components any longer. \r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T17:40:04",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:37:26",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T20:37:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1226",
      "number": 1226,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "remove display of URIs on component page",
      "user_name": "phoebeno",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:38:13",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "rdss-handbook": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:16:35",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T15:16:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/issues/119",
      "number": 119,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook",
      "repository_name": "rdss-handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Check for use of Google Analytics in our portfolio",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T15:16:39",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "recap": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-14T00:46:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-14T00:46:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/recap/pull/223",
      "number": 223,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/recap/pull/223",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/recap",
      "repository_name": "recap",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump ckeditor5 from 35.3.2 to 36.0.0 in /core",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-14T00:46:42",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-14T00:46:42",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/recap/pull/223",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "repecwp": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T22:15:44",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T22:15:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp/pull/89",
      "number": 89,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp/pull/89",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp",
      "repository_name": "repecwp",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add acceptance criteria to issue templates",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:32:03",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:32:03",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:32:03",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T13:32:04",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp/pull/89",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-10T22:17:02",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-10T22:17:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp/pull/90",
      "number": 90,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp/pull/90",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp",
      "repository_name": "repecwp",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "bundle update rails",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:17:50",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:17:50",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:17:50",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T16:17:52",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/repecwp/pull/90",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "researchdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:28:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-13T14:28:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata/issues/219",
      "number": 219,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata",
      "repository_name": "researchdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Events and Workshops are not displaying on homepage and Training and Events page",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T14:46:57",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata/issues/219#issuecomment-1428062401",
          "body": "The issue appears to that all the entries that are blank do not have a \"Location\" field value. The Drupal views that display the list in both places require that field, because the html template that builds the display for the linkable entry in the list is stored in the \"rewrite results\" configuration option for that field in the view. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T19:07:16",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata/issues/219#issuecomment-1428500877",
          "body": "We are actually imported libcal RSS for this site. Configuration is here: https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata/blob/9cb10e956bcb603e3f733fa33c40f10b69e70a00/sites/default/config/migrate_plus.migration.event_rss_importer.yml#L50\n\nIt appears we need the libcal:location element to be populated. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T14:28:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-14T00:47:43",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-14T00:47:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata/pull/220",
      "number": 220,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata/pull/220",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata",
      "repository_name": "researchdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump ckeditor5 from 35.4.0 to 36.0.0 in /core",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-14T00:47:44",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-14T00:47:45",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-14T00:47:45",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/researchdata/pull/220",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "tiger-data-app": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-11-01T13:59:10",
      "updated_at": "2022-11-01T13:59:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/14",
      "number": 14,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Access to SN@P API",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T18:07:07",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/14#issuecomment-1428419303",
          "body": "The project is no longer utilizing ServiceNow at this time.  Closing."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:07:07",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:28:14",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:28:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/26",
      "number": 26,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Test MediaFlux Docker containers for local development",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T18:39:35",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:25:59",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:25:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/25",
      "number": 25,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Confirm access and privileges on TigerData staging server",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T14:33:19",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/25#issuecomment-1428041465",
          "body": "Thank you for detailing these tasks, please know that I have successfully completed these steps."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T17:03:53",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/25#issuecomment-1428309365",
          "body": "I utilized the information in Lastpass \"TigerData Staging Server\" note to login to both the web application and the server.  I was able to cat the logs utilizing both `cat` and `/usr/bin/cat`.\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Hector Correa",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-13T21:41:25",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/25#issuecomment-1428727757",
          "body": "All the `sudo -l` commands listed that point to `/home/MFLUX/volatile/...` worked for me and I suspect that's all we really need.\r\n\r\nThe few `sudo -l` commands that pointed to `/var/log/messages` and `/var/log/secure` DID NOT work for me."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "vm-builds": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-13T15:58:41",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-13T15:58:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/8",
      "number": 8,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/8",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds",
      "repository_name": "vm-builds",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "add packer build files for vsphere",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:37:27",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:46:07",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:48:16",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:49:47",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T19:51:23",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:25:49",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-13T20:54:05",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/8",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 72,
    "closed_count": 10,
    "created_count": 14,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 17,
    "pull_request_open_count": 11,
    "updated_count": 20,
    "today": "2023-02-13T22:00:05",
    "yesterday": "2023-02-12T22:00:05"
  }
}