{
  "alma-notices": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:17:03",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T16:17:03",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/alma-notices/issues/202",
      "number": 202,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/alma-notices",
      "repository_name": "alma-notices",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Discuss draft proposal with entire Alma Tech Team",
      "user_name": "Peter Green",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Peter Green",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:19:19",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:16:06",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T16:16:06",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/alma-notices/issues/201",
      "number": 201,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/alma-notices",
      "repository_name": "alma-notices",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Create a draft proposal of a prioritization matrix built on existing models",
      "user_name": "Peter Green",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Peter Green",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:17:44",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Peter Green",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:19:28",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "aspace_helpers": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-02T14:47:31",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-02T14:47:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/345",
      "number": 345,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "C1491- remove access notes for lowest-level components in Writings series",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T15:53:56",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/345#issuecomment-1433309697",
          "body": "Gotcha. And yes, I believe those are the ones to delete. Would it be possible to delete these on the staging site first so that I can do a bit of QA before it's done in prod?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T15:58:34",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/345#issuecomment-1433316804",
          "body": "Yes, that's part of our regular process. Though it's always good to get the parameters worked out as much as possible before the actual work commences to avoid significant duplication of effort!"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T16:01:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/345#issuecomment-1433320905",
          "body": "Ok, great. I'm pretty certain those are the restrictions that need to go. Thanks!"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T16:18:23",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/345#issuecomment-1433347080",
          "body": "`c[@id=\"aspace_C1491_c1\"]//c[not(c)]/accessrestrict[@rights-restriction=\"Restricted\"]/../did/unitid[@type=\"aspace_uri\"]`\r\n\r\n[C1491_restrictions_curis.csv](https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/files/10758075/C1491_restrictions_curis.csv)\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T17:35:10",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/345#issuecomment-1433461599",
          "body": "Ok, can you QA on staging please?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:13:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:13:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1373",
      "number": 1373,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Implement RECAP/SCSB Submit collection - Ensure non-recap holdings and items are excluded from scsb record dump",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T18:49:18",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1373#issuecomment-1433562265",
          "body": "@christinach @mzelesky make sure we dont send to SCSB PUL items with a d in the leader."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:49:18",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:49:18",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:49:19",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:49:19",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-27T00:54:31",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-27T00:54:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5651",
      "number": 5651,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5651",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Actively preserve un-preserved children.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5651",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:23:12",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T19:23:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5677",
      "number": 5677,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Build UI to display the item and image count for a given collection over a given time frame",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:23:12",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:23:12",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-19T17:00:32",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-19T17:00:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5630",
      "number": 5630,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Generate report for any and all Cotsen Items within the Digital Repository",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T19:34:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5630#issuecomment-1433610156",
          "body": "It would be very helpful to hear the full user story for this issue. What is the broader task that this data will enable?\r\n\r\nWe don't store marc data by subfield, so some of these data points aren't available from Figgy right now.\r\n\r\nIt may be possible to achieve the larger goal, however, with some other implementation.\r\n\r\n@kelea99 can we talk more about this at a standup?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T17:45:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:34:22",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:34:23",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-08T19:33:04",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-08T19:33:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5668",
      "number": 5668,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Numismatics: Generate Report for any and all issues containing general \"DOC\" selection in citation field.",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T19:54:55",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5668#issuecomment-1433630923",
          "body": "Implementation idea:\r\n\r\n* Index numismatic reference\r\n* Add an invisible facet for numismatic reference\r\n* make the rendered version of a citation have a clickable reference -- link goes to search results page of all resources that have that same numismatic reference citation value.\r\n* reindex issues\r\n\r\nReading this ticket, it doesn't seem like we need a report necessarily -- just a way to get to these resources that need to be updated, so a set of search results might be more efficient for the task.\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T17:44:59",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-18T21:04:51",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-18T21:04:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5627",
      "number": 5627,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Generate Report for \"Patron Requests - Portions\" and \"Patron Requests\" for stakeholder",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T19:23:37",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5627#issuecomment-1433598707",
          "body": "This is immediate need; more permanent solution will also be necessary; see #5677 "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:17:53",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5627#issuecomment-1433663536",
          "body": "We now know the resource count is 2043:\n\n```sql\nselect COUNT(id) from orm_resources WHERE created_at between '2021-07-01' and '2022-06-30' AND metadata @> '{\"member_ids\": []}' AND (metadata @> '{\"member_of_collection_ids\": [{\"id\": \"b7e8c42b-6fd0-4cfb-bc6d-b5e5a5c79f5c\"}]}' OR metadata @> '{\"member_of_collection_ids\": [{\"id\": \"a5454850-8b97-4750-8390-2c5884134f1f\"}]}') AND NOT metadata @> '{\"member_of_collection_ids\": [{\"id\": \"d7e0141b-ff30-4a9b-b260-09525662a65c\"}]}'\n\n```"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:23:26",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5627#issuecomment-1433669192",
          "body": "The image count should be 319,450:\n\n```sql\nWITH RECURSIVE deep_members AS (\n  select member.*\n  FROM orm_resources a,\n  jsonb_array_elements(a.metadata->'member_ids') AS b(member)\n  JOIN orm_resources member ON (b.member->>'id')::UUID = member.id\n  WHERE a.created_at between '2021-07-01' and '2022-06-30' AND a.metadata @> '{\"member_ids\": []}' AND (a.metadata @> '{\"member_of_collection_ids\": [{\"id\": \"b7e8c42b-6fd0-4cfb-bc6d-b5e5a5c79f5c\"}]}' OR a.metadata @> '{\"member_of_collection_ids\": [{\"id\": \"a5454850-8b97-4750-8390-2c5884134f1f\"}]}') AND NOT a.metadata @> '{\"member_of_collection_ids\": [{\"id\": \"d7e0141b-ff30-4a9b-b260-09525662a65c\"}]}'\n  UNION\n  SELECT mem.*\n  FROM deep_members f,\n  jsonb_array_elements(f.metadata->'member_ids') AS g(member)\n  JOIN orm_resources mem ON (g.member->>'id')::UUID = mem.id\n  WHERE f.metadata @> '{\"member_ids\": [{}]}'\n)\nselect COUNT(*) AS count from deep_members\nWHERE internal_resource = 'FileSet'\n\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T17:46:44",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:27:28",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-19T17:02:59",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-19T17:02:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631",
      "number": 5631,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Generate report for any and all Graphic Arts items in Figgy",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T14:19:02",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433159569",
          "body": "I got a request for an update on this report. do we have an ETA?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T19:37:36",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433613686",
          "body": "@kelea99 We still need more information about the requirements here. It would be helpful to hear the full user story that's motivating this request.\r\n\r\nIs there another way to get these records besides location code? Do we think there are records that are part of graphics are but aren't in the graphic arts collection?\r\n\r\nAnd what data is needed about them?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:29:57",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433676033",
          "body": "@hackartisan I can do a search in figgy to confirm that all items / most items are in the GA collection in figgy"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:40:50",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433687747",
          "body": "Requested Collections/Searches to run: \r\n\r\n- https://figgy.princeton.edu/?f%5Bmember_of_collection_titles_ssim%5D%5B%5D=Treasures+of+the+Graphic+Arts+Collection\r\n- GA: https://figgy.princeton.edu/catalog?q=%22GA%22\r\n- GAX/Patron Requests: https://figgy.princeton.edu/?f%5Bmember_of_collection_titles_ssim%5D%5B%5D=Patron+Requests&q=%22GAX%22"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:52:11",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433698558",
          "body": "### User story \r\n_As a Graphic Arts Curator that is new to PUL, I would like a report generated of any/all GA/GAX items in the digital repository. I am in the process of preparing for a large 3-6 year cataloging and digitization project for my materials and I would like to get a better idea:_\r\n1. How many items have been ingested in figgy from my collections\r\n2. How many images (total) have been ingested in figgy from my collections\r\n3. A CSV download of GA/GAX/\"Treasures of the Graphic Arts Collection\" items, containing:  The title, Source Metadata Identifier, Ark, Visibility, state, and call number\r\n_I will use this information to determine what collections should be targeted for digitization, metadata cleanup, or metadata creation._"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:55:14",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433702241",
          "body": "Note that GA and GAX are partial location code values."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:56:16",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433703113",
          "body": "Most are in the treasures of the GA collection, but I found items that are graphic arts materials in patron requests that were not tagged. I could probably just do that and it would be easier to run the report on your end, then. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:57:00",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433704409",
          "body": "@kelea99 It sounds like for a generalizable solution we'll need to be able to handle this location code value specification."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T21:17:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5631#issuecomment-1433725683",
          "body": "user story confirmed with Molly! She is also reviewing the two searches (listed above) outside of the Treasures of the graphic arts figgy collection. If all the items in those searches need to be added, I will do so and change the ticket to just generate a report for that one collection. Thank you, @hackartisan !"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T17:46:08",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:37:37",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:37:37",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:29:57",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:29:57",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:57:01",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:57:01",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:17:05",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:17:06",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "imagecat-rails": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:34:56",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T21:34:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails/pull/34",
      "number": 34,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails/pull/34",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails",
      "repository_name": "imagecat-rails",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add rubocop",
      "user_name": "Robert-Anthony Lee-Faison",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:41:22",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:41:22",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:41:22",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:41:23",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails/pull/34",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-17T17:58:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-17T17:58:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails/issues/13",
      "number": 13,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails",
      "repository_name": "imagecat-rails",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add rubocop style enforcement ",
      "user_name": "Robert-Anthony Lee-Faison",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Robert-Anthony Lee-Faison",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:42:32",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "lockers_and_study_spaces": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-14T21:41:56",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-14T21:41:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/182",
      "number": 182,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/182",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Filtering applications by admins building",
      "user_name": "rladdusaw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:00:12",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:00:13",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:00:13",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:00:14",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/pull/182",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T21:57:18",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T21:57:18",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/112",
      "number": 112,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Lists of locker applications should be scoped to the administrator's library",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:00:15",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T21:43:50",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T21:43:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/107",
      "number": 107,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Lewis Library",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-10-26T00:33:11",
      "updated_at": "2022-10-26T00:33:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/136",
      "number": 136,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Seed data will need to be made aware of the new Building model",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T19:59:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/136#issuecomment-1433637223",
          "body": "* Right now the seeds & CSVs are still from the original database\n* The seeds are not idempotent\n\n* What do we want from the seeds at this point? Should they just populate a development environment? Do we want to be able to use them to create a whole environment? If so, would a full database dump & upload be more effective? "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:25:58",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:05:29",
          "type": "unassigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:24:01",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T21:48:43",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T21:48:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/109",
      "number": 109,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Lewis Library application",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:47:01",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "ops-catchall": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T17:50:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T17:50:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall/pull/26",
      "number": 26,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall/pull/26",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall",
      "repository_name": "ops-catchall",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Comment out connector for unproxied connection in Confluence",
      "user_name": "Vickie Karasic",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T00:50:50",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T00:50:50",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T00:50:50",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T00:50:56",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/ops-catchall/pull/26",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T22:56:03",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T22:56:03",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3423",
      "number": 3423,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update existing accessibility tickets with new labels",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T21:09:12",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T21:09:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3422",
      "number": 3422,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3422",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Filling out manual volume allows request",
      "user_name": "rladdusaw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T03:45:09",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T03:45:09",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T03:45:09",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T03:45:10",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3422",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-13T16:21:54",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-13T16:21:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3359",
      "number": 3359,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Item requests with manually entered volume don't activate submit button",
      "user_name": "rladdusaw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T03:45:10",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-06T02:48:48",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-06T02:48:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3354",
      "number": 3354,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Available items in firestone$pf and in SCSB display label status Available -  In Process",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T04:20:03",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3354#issuecomment-1432492124",
          "body": "This is a data issue. Marie will ask Colleen in microforms to delete the item record that does not have a barcode on this record. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T04:20:03",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-21T17:38:53",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-21T17:38:53",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3202",
      "number": 3202,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Deploying doesn't re-generate crontab",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T16:34:32",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3202#issuecomment-1433370937",
          "body": "It looks like this has been resolved."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:34:32",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-27T23:38:27",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-27T23:38:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3386",
      "number": 3386,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3386",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Adds vocabulary column to subject table",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T16:32:08",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3386#issuecomment-1433367430",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/57012385/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/57012385)\n\nCoverage: 94.366% (-0.03%) from 94.393% when pulling **d0f0ab54e779fbe06006791b53e9285710f52bd3 on authority-vocab-updates-v2** into **f255a6a0dda67d52883fdb0c3df299202c00a482 on main**.\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T19:00:59",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3386#issuecomment-1433573631",
          "body": "> @mzelesky and I reviewed the search results of this PR. It seems to be a little bit more complicated and we should discuss this in the Orangelight meeting on 2/9/2023.\r\n\r\nIn the OL/Bibdata meeting we discussed that we need to support browselists with the additional subject and vocabulary searches that we've added in the recent years. \r\n\r\n- We would need to create additional tickets in bibdata to support these changes."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:24:05",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:35:05",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:59:49",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:59:49",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3386",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-01-05T00:54:15",
      "updated_at": "2022-01-05T00:54:15",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3252",
      "number": 3252,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Annex Error for No Item Serials",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "rladdusaw",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:45:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3252#issuecomment-1433692358",
          "body": "I was able to successfully create a request for this item. Closing this as resolved."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:33:38",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:45:31",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:47:57",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:47:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3424",
      "number": 3424,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3424",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add pa11y package. Include it in circleci",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T22:34:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3424#issuecomment-1433706566",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/57025898/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/57025898)\n\nCoverage: 94.393%. Remained the same when pulling **23cedd4ecf9d8cd4128f057b867a6709c5b863e5 on 3409-pa11y** into **f255a6a0dda67d52883fdb0c3df299202c00a482 on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:01:57",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:08:27",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:13:54",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:17:52",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:25:20",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3424",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-08T15:52:07",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-08T15:52:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3402",
      "number": 3402,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3402",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "I3392 stackmap javascript",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-17T00:09:25",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3402#issuecomment-1433911409",
          "body": "Before squash and merging can we clean-up the comments some?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T23:02:49",
          "type": "deployed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3402",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-10-10T14:25:00",
      "updated_at": "2022-10-10T14:25:00",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3235",
      "number": 3235,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Include public display status on request scenario documentation",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-02-17T00:14:04",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_describe": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-14T22:16:05",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-14T22:16:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/981",
      "number": 981,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/981",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "fixing description formats for migration specs",
      "user_name": "Tyler Wade",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Tyler Wade",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:42:52",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:44:33",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:44:34",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:44:34",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:44:35",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/981",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-01T16:42:08",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-01T16:42:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/928",
      "number": 928,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "The text in the description field migrated into an unusual format",
      "user_name": "Tyler Wade",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:09:47",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:56:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:56:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/985",
      "number": 985,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/985",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Create a route for downloading from AWS",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:08:22",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:08:22",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:08:22",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:08:23",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/985",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:01:27",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:01:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/982",
      "number": 982,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Download Route",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:08:24",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:26:42",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T21:26:42",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/986",
      "number": 986,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Display and sort enhancements to file list in Show page",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:27:27",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:27:29",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:22:58",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:22:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/984",
      "number": 984,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/984",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Migration spec cleanup",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:26:25",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:12:12",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:12:12",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:12:12",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:12:13",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/984",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-01T15:38:22",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-01T15:38:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/923",
      "number": 923,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Remove migration fixtures from staging so they can be reloaded",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:17:26",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T20:02:22",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T20:02:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/983",
      "number": 983,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/983",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adds pagination to file list in Show page",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:08:34",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:13:53",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:17:56",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-17T02:24:27",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-17T02:24:27",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-17T02:24:27",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-17T02:24:28",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/983",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-01T17:00:51",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-01T17:00:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/931",
      "number": 931,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add pagination to the show page of the Work for the pre-curated files",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-17T02:24:29",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-17T02:27:28",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-17T02:27:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/987",
      "number": 987,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Remove AWS call from S3_file",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T16:58:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T16:58:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3699",
      "number": 3699,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Set some postgres configs that will give us more performance assessment info",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-15T22:14:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3699#issuecomment-1432116707",
          "body": "yeah I agree that would be bad. I'll add the 2 recommendations as checkboxes in the description."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-15T22:15:37",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-25T18:37:28",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-25T18:37:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3667",
      "number": 3667,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3667",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[ruby_s] Move bundler out of install into main",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T15:00:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3667#issuecomment-1433220362",
          "body": "superseded by #3700 "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:00:30",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3667",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T17:34:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T17:34:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3700",
      "number": 3700,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3700",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Allow bundler version to change independent of ruby",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-15T23:25:23",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3700#issuecomment-1432220195",
          "body": "Failing idempotence when the `TASK [update cache]` in the ruby_s role reports changed on the second run. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:41:15",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:09:31",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:09:31",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:09:31",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:09:32",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3700",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-11-04T15:36:54",
      "updated_at": "2022-11-04T15:36:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3423",
      "number": 3423,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Allow upgrading bundler version alone",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T15:11:00",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3423#issuecomment-1433239882",
          "body": "closed by this #3700 "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:11:00",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-11-28T15:18:02",
      "updated_at": "2022-11-28T15:18:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3455",
      "number": 3455,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "ruby_s idempotence",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:11:23",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:58:44",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T14:58:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3701",
      "number": 3701,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3701",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add molecule verify hack to readme",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:44:01",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:44:01",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:44:01",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:44:02",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3701",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-14T20:38:17",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-14T20:38:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3698",
      "number": 3698,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3698",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[TIGERDATA] Adding tigerdata application playbook",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:40:18",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:54:59",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:25:25",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:34:19",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:40:40",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:49:40",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3698",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:05:56",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T21:05:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3702",
      "number": 3702,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[tigerdata] rebuild machines with Jammy Jellyfish",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-12-05T17:49:02",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-05T17:49:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3494",
      "number": 3494,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3494",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "draft playbook for capistrano deploys",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T22:41:06",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3494#issuecomment-1433826094",
          "body": "Turns out a playbook has to be on the main branch before you can create a Template in Tower based on it. So I'm going to merge this tonight so we have a template to start next steps on tomorrow."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:30:59",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:39:19",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:43:41",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:43:41",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:43:41",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T22:43:42",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3494",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T23:24:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T23:24:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3703",
      "number": 3703,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3703",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Next steps on code-deploy playbook",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3703",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-01-24T17:49:35",
      "updated_at": "2023-01-24T17:49:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3657",
      "number": 3657,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "oawaiver verify fails intermittently",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T23:38:33",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3657#issuecomment-1433887156",
          "body": "The oawaiver role is now failing CI on the main branch, but the failure is an idempotence failure. Not sure if it's related. The test run is here:\r\nhttps://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/actions/runs/4198847185/jobs/7283000031 \r\nand the 'changed' tasks include:\r\n```\r\n  TASK [ruby_s : ruby_s | uninstall wrong version of bundler] ********************\r\n  changed: [instance]\r\n  \r\n  TASK [ruby_s : ruby_s | get gem home] ******************************************\r\n  changed: [instance]\r\n  \r\n  TASK [ruby_s : ruby_s | remove installed bundler if default] *******************\r\n  changed: [instance]\r\n  \r\n  TASK [ruby_s : ruby_s | install global bundler, specific version] **************\r\n  changed: [instance]\r\n  \r\n  TASK [ruby_s : ruby_s | install global bundler, any version] *******************\r\n  skipping: [instance]\r\n  \r\n  TASK [ruby_s : ruby_s | update rubygems] ***************************************\r\n  changed: [instance]\r\n  \r\n  TASK [ruby : ruby | install the dependencies] **********************************\r\n  skipping: [instance]\r\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-10T16:51:40",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-10T16:51:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/817",
      "number": 817,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Headings applied to Label field in ASpace not displaying ",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T17:41:50",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/817#issuecomment-1433469714",
          "body": "This functionality is not being applied at the collection level as it should be. Please see for example, the [description note here](https://findingaids.princeton.edu/catalog/TC040#description) does not include the \"Content Warning\" label even though it's employed in ASpace: https://aspace.princeton.edu/staff/resources/2543#resource_notes_  (mss repo)"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T17:41:50",
          "type": "reopened"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "rdss-handbook": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-14T16:17:29",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-14T16:17:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/pull/120",
      "number": 120,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/pull/120",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook",
      "repository_name": "rdss-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Document necessity for admin privs and homebrew",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:32",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:32",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:32",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:33",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/pull/120",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-14T21:06:31",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-14T21:06:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/pull/121",
      "number": 121,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/pull/121",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook",
      "repository_name": "rdss-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "transpose letters",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:52",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:52",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:52",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:09:53",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/pull/121",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "tiger-data-app": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-06T18:29:59",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-06T18:29:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/28",
      "number": 28,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Connect testing environment to MediaFlux staging",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T01:26:26",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-09T15:05:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-09T15:05:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/33",
      "number": 33,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Fix eslint errors in rails generated JS",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T01:26:52",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-08T20:01:28",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-08T20:01:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/31",
      "number": 31,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Is version.txt needed?",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T01:27:03",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T22:11:47",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T22:11:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/41",
      "number": 41,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/41",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add browserlist configuration",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:10:23",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:10:23",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:10:24",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:10:25",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/41",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-09T16:56:29",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-09T16:56:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/34",
      "number": 34,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Install browserslist?",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T01:26:45",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:10:25",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:30:00",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T14:30:00",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/42",
      "number": 42,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/42",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Copy and paste write_version task as suggested by rails-template",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:30:14",
          "type": "convert_to_draft"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:31:52",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/42",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T20:49:34",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T20:49:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/39",
      "number": 39,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/39",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Migrate to vite; Resolve ESLint warnings",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T14:37:43",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/39#issuecomment-1433186653",
          "body": "resolving merge conflicts... back to draft."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:37:28",
          "type": "convert_to_draft"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T14:54:53",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/39",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-15T21:13:58",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-15T21:13:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/40",
      "number": 40,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Should Vite also replace sprockets, and not just webpacker?",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T15:24:18",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/40#issuecomment-1433260227",
          "body": "We decided in the meeting, to just utilize vite for javascript, and keep sprockets for other assets."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T15:27:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/40#issuecomment-1433265413",
          "body": "with the question answered, this can be closed."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:27:29",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T15:41:02",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T15:41:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/43",
      "number": 43,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create a basic layout using bootstrap",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:09:26",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T16:09:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/44",
      "number": 44,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/44",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adding capistrano deployment",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T18:05:43",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/44#issuecomment-1433502133",
          "body": "> Was the secrets file introduced by accident? If it is intentional, and it's only production that is really secret, I'd suggest changing this warning:\r\n> \r\n> > Make sure the secrets in this file are kept private if you're sharing your code publicly.\r\n\r\nThe file was introduced on purpose.  The production and staging are environment variables.  This matches with other repositories."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:27:06",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:33:59",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:38:47",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T16:40:58",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T18:52:41",
          "type": "review_dismissed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:46:43",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:46:43",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:46:44",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:46:46",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/44",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-11-15T19:45:54",
      "updated_at": "2022-11-15T19:45:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/8",
      "number": 8,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Deploy new tiger-data application",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chuck McCallum",
          "created_at": "2023-02-16T19:46:47",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-16T21:59:26",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-16T21:59:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/45",
      "number": 45,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/45",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Middleware/API architecture proposal",
      "user_name": "Chuck McCallum",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Esmé Cowles",
          "updated_at": "2023-02-16T22:31:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/45#issuecomment-1433805289",
          "body": "I thought I'd share a couple of thoughts and questions about how this would work:\r\n\r\n1. To what extent would Rails controllers fulfill the role of the API (i.e., the views would constitute the UI)? Would scrupulously creating controller endpoints for any data that controllers or views/helpers fill the gaps?\r\n2. I've seen token-based auth folded into controllers so browsers and automated clients use the same endpoints, but I think it's more common to have different endpoints.\r\n3. One of the ramifications of having a significant external command-line/API customer base that Matt, Kate, and I discussed recently is that any backwards-incompatible changes would potentially break their integrations. Maybe this argues against considering Rails controllers the API?\r\n4. What are the best practices for having a separate, versioned API?\r\n5. I'm not sure that having a \"Middle Layer\" between the UI/API and the backend is a requirement, or if it's one possible approach to making sure that users don't have unmediated access to MediaFlux just because they are using a command-line tool or API integration. Basically, maybe this app is the \"Middle Layer\"?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/45",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 64,
    "closed_count": 15,
    "created_count": 9,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 16,
    "pull_request_open_count": 9,
    "updated_count": 15,
    "today": "2023-02-16T22:00:04",
    "yesterday": "2023-02-15T22:00:04"
  }
}