{
  "abid": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-02T19:22:08",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-02T19:22:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/issues/75",
      "number": 75,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid",
      "repository_name": "abid",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "AbID for MARC should cache the holding record and display the full 852 in the report.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:23:16",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-06-08T13:40:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-06-08T13:40:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/issues/42",
      "number": 42,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid",
      "repository_name": "abid",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "AbID for MARC with Alma",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:23:16",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-08-30T20:25:50",
      "updated_at": "2021-08-30T20:25:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74",
      "number": 74,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid",
      "repository_name": "abid",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add Marc Support to AbIDs",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "mzelesky",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T13:28:35",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912540707",
          "body": "Instead of the permanent call number for the report (for former call number), including the entire 852 field as a string would provide the full information (including if there was a subfield x, or a different field indicator, etc.). Is it possible to grab that from the holding instead of the permanent call number? "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Don Thornbury",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T14:39:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912589719",
          "body": "Trey's idea about adding a prefix for ReCAP is fantastic.  Totally fits our cataloging situation as well as Alma process planning in CaMS.\r\nIf this simple addition of another value to the list is considered to be development work requiring review, please tell me how to make a ticket for it.  Also, please tell me what factors are considered in such review, and to whom I should make the case."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T14:56:16",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912600905",
          "body": "I can add both of those as tickets, but I don't want to block this PR over them. The holding thing is possible, but it means an earlier call to fetch the holding vs the item, so I just grabbed the immediately available call number for now. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "mzelesky",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:12:37",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912611970",
          "body": "I agree that my request for the entire 852 should not block this PR. I just thought if it was a simple fix, it could be implemented. I hadn't thought about what information the item API call returned."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Don Thornbury",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:14:20",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912613087",
          "body": "OK with me.  I think we can live with permanent call number only in the report.  No reason to delay release.\r\nThis thing is just fantastic.  It will be fantastic+ with a ReCAP prefix.  The data entry form redesign was vital.  I was terrified that we'd be stuck with the original version, which was dysfunctional.  Hence the text file idea.  I am so glad to leave all that behind.  This really is a dream come true.  It will have deep meaning for Special Collections.  Where do I go to sing the praises publicly?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Don Thornbury",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:38:01",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912628670",
          "body": "Here's something unexpected.  I entered 3 barcodes linked to the same holdings record 22750856150006421.  An AbID was created for each barcode.  The last one,  F-000191, became the call number.  The \"dream\" included a check for holdings records IDs prior to generating AbIDs, with only one AbID only being created for each distinct holding.  In this case I would have expected only F-000189 to exist.  That's how the old one worked by checking Voyager MFHD IDs during the scanning process.\r\nIt's not a dreadful problem but might lead to someone looking around for \"missing\" numbers in the sequence.\r\nAnother ticket, or fix before releasing?\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:41:11",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912630778",
          "body": "> It's not a dreadful problem but might lead to someone looking around for \"missing\" numbers in the sequence.\r\n> Another ticket, or fix before releasing?\r\n\r\nIf you can use the system without this being in place I'd prefer a ticket. It's a little complicated because I'm assuming that if this happens I just shouldn't create an AbID for the second two barcodes? And does this only apply if I scan these things in together, or in general if an AbID already exists should I not overwrite it - even though Mike shared a use case for sometimes overwriting the AbID. Is it just that if an AbID exists already for the same holding don't mint a new one?\r\n\r\nIn any case, a ticket would be good unless this renders the system unusable. Thanks!"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "mzelesky",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:42:08",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912631384",
          "body": "Does having the previous permanent call number help with this?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:44:16",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912632625",
          "body": "> Where do I go to sing the praises publicly?\r\n\r\nYou just did. :heart: You're the best. This is really appreciated, thank you. In general github ticket comments, contacting our supervisors, or the #gratitude channel are a good way to do this."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Don Thornbury",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:58:52",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74#issuecomment-912645111",
          "body": "We can use it, so no delay on our behalf.  I may tell Mike to hold of on multi-volume sets for a while.\r\nBut I'm referring to a basic structural feature of MARC.   In Voyager we did this MFHD ID check live during barcode scan.  Good ole Macro Express could get it from the item record header.  I was thinking that for Alma you'd take the barcodes we provide, check for holdings, and then use the holdings list rather than barcodes to make the call numbers since call numbers pertain to holdings, not items.  That's what the \"dream\" document says.\r\nI don't think permanent call number relates.  That's kind of a marginal concern, just to keep up with historical practice that probably doesn't have customers any more!\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:23:16",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:23:16",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:23:16",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:23:17",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/abid/pull/74",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-08-27T14:38:17",
      "updated_at": "2021-08-27T14:38:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1642",
      "number": 1642,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Configure REMOTE_BASE_PATH",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:13:52",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-08-27T14:46:46",
      "updated_at": "2021-08-27T14:46:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1643",
      "number": 1643,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1643",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Pull sftp base path from configuration",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T13:16:33",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:13:52",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:13:52",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:13:53",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:13:53",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1643",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-07-30T15:27:37",
      "updated_at": "2021-07-30T15:27:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1566",
      "number": 1566,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Troubleshoot connections on the new postgres box (pg13)",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:48:47",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1566#issuecomment-912635928",
          "body": "This still happening: https://app.honeybadger.io/projects/54497/faults/80884987#comment_15950891"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-08-16T21:34:39",
      "updated_at": "2021-08-16T21:34:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1610",
      "number": 1610,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update readme section - Finding a Voyager item in Alma",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:46:55",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:49:04",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:49:10",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T16:49:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1647",
      "number": 1647,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1647",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Fix alma ids migrated from voyager in README",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1647",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T19:55:47",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T19:55:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1648",
      "number": 1648,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1648",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "On-site access for map holdings",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:03:00",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:11:50",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:19:18",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1648",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "drds-handbook": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:50:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T14:50:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/116",
      "number": 116,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add language decisions",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-02T18:00:47",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-02T18:00:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/115",
      "number": 115,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/115",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add runner updates from August 2021 Retro.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/115",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-06-07T13:51:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-06-07T13:51:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/109",
      "number": 109,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Document libanswers protocols",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:04:12",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:14:04",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-19T17:58:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-19T17:58:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/95",
      "number": 95,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "add a link to our website / blog",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:19:38",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:24:34",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:14:12",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T20:14:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/118",
      "number": 118,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/118",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add \"communication with other teams\"",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/118",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-28T16:29:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-28T16:29:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/83",
      "number": 83,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "add new team members to google cloud and aws. ",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T20:27:17",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/83#issuecomment-912792215",
          "body": "This is in the onboarding checklist in google drive."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:27:17",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-04T15:33:54",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-04T15:33:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/78",
      "number": 78,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "What to do if slack is down",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T20:28:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/78#issuecomment-912792912",
          "body": "Use jabber?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-07-07T17:04:05",
      "updated_at": "2020-07-07T17:04:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/47",
      "number": 47,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "How to integrate signal sciences into our workflow?",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T20:29:56",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/47#issuecomment-912793500",
          "body": "resolved by https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/113"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:29:56",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:17:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T20:17:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/119",
      "number": 119,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/119",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add signal sciences",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:34:51",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:34:51",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:34:51",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:34:51",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/119",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-19T14:50:49",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-19T14:50:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/102",
      "number": 102,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add signal sciences to tooling page",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:14:53",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:17:46",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:34:51",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-06-07T13:53:46",
      "updated_at": "2021-06-07T13:53:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/issues/110",
      "number": 110,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add confluence to tools",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T19:59:43",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:03:39",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:38:20",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:03:50",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T20:03:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/117",
      "number": 117,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/117",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook",
      "repository_name": "drds-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add links to confluence and pul-the-hard-way",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:38:20",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:38:20",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:38:20",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T20:38:21",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/drds-handbook/pull/117",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-cli": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-07-16T20:18:10",
      "updated_at": "2021-07-16T20:18:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/pull/117",
      "number": 117,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/pull/117",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli",
      "repository_name": "dspace-cli",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Bug fixes for batch_advance_workflow",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T19:07:02",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/pull/117",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T15:35:23",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:35:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/467",
      "number": 467,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Single Sign-On support for ORCID Identifiers on DataSpace",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Chun Ly",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:50:41",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/467#issuecomment-912637102",
          "body": "Sorry, we may have confused the discussion of DataSpace and ORCiD integration. This isn't for having ORCiD  as a sign-on option on DataSpace, but more specifically with the ORCiD SSO login option, which is available at: https://orcid.org/institutional-signin\r\n\r\nPrinceton University does show up in the list to use NetID for ORCiD login.\r\n\r\nNot sure if there's an appropriate GitHub repo for this."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T15:35:23",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T15:24:09",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:24:09",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/466",
      "number": 466,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Users expect that DataSpace Tasks can be assigned to other users",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Chun Ly",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:54:53",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/466#issuecomment-912635083",
          "body": "The intent of this is because multiple PPPL and Princeton reviewers/approvers are notified via email. Because many of the reviewers are department heads and are not fully familiar with the process, they aren't sure if this is a task for them or not. This often leaves deposits in a limbo state with no one reviewing it."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T13:53:40",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T13:53:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/465",
      "number": 465,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Troubleshoot OAR self-deposit link and Google Form regression bugs",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T21:01:27",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/465#issuecomment-912808149",
          "body": "https://git.atmire.com/clients/princeton-5/-/merge_requests/new/diffs?utf8=%E2%9C%93&merge_request%5Bsource_project_id%5D=788&merge_request%5Bsource_branch%5D=oar-TEST-rt4ds-deployment&merge_request%5Btarget_project_id%5D=788&merge_request%5Btarget_branch%5D=oar-client-TEST advances this quite a bit, but there are still bugs with deploying `rt4ds`."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T13:53:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T13:53:40",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-26T12:48:40",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-26T12:48:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4482",
      "number": 4482,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Address security vulnerabilities",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T18:14:34",
          "type": "unassigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T18:14:48",
          "type": "moved_columns_in_project"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "lib_jobs": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:58:43",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T17:58:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/234",
      "number": 234,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create Weekly LC Slips Jobs Task",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-07-30T19:22:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-07-30T19:22:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2600",
      "number": 2600,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Migrate database to new postgres server",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T12:37:04",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T13:02:19",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2019-09-19T18:32:23",
      "updated_at": "2019-09-19T18:32:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/1874",
      "number": 1874,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Citations link broken for record 9946263",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:31:50",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-02T19:15:14",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-02T19:15:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2710",
      "number": 2710,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2710",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Fixes problem in Chicago citations when MARC 502|d is missing",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T13:33:14",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2710#issuecomment-911992952",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/42640624/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/42640624)\n\nCoverage decreased (-0.09%) to 96.972% when pulling **d91d3c8ba58bd20524d29afc88aca8d7b83a473d on issue_1874_citation** into **c6cdc2a6d19542537e749d89ff1e1c6537849728 on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T13:03:54",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:31:49",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:31:49",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:31:50",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:31:50",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2710",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-02T19:30:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-02T19:30:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2711",
      "number": 2711,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Map Collections Should Show \"On-Site Access\"",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:54:12",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-08-31T18:08:09",
      "updated_at": "2021-08-31T18:08:09",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2696",
      "number": 2696,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Code improvement for availability.es6",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:52:00",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:52:08",
          "type": "added_to_project"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T12:24:05",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T12:24:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2464",
      "number": 2464,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add all catalog alma IPs to pg_hba.conf on lib-postgres-prod1 ",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-08-26T16:17:02",
      "updated_at": "2021-08-26T16:17:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2446",
      "number": 2446,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2446",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[orangelight] Prep for database migration",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T12:23:10",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2446#issuecomment-912497546",
          "body": "This was run."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T12:23:13",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T12:37:03",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T12:37:03",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T12:37:03",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T12:37:04",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2446",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-02T13:49:44",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-02T13:49:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2462",
      "number": 2462,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[GETIT] Base getit should include online in the url",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:05:29",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:05:30",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-02T14:50:54",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-02T14:50:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2463",
      "number": 2463,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2463",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adding access online to getit catalog redirect",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:05:29",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:05:29",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:05:29",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:05:30",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2463",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T15:04:37",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:04:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2465",
      "number": 2465,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "hosts still in [monitor_agents]",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-01T10:53:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-01T10:53:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2456",
      "number": 2456,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[Orangelight] or any rails app should be restarted when app variables change",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T16:55:08",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2456#issuecomment-912677170",
          "body": "duplicate of #2399 ?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:44:23",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T17:44:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2466",
      "number": 2466,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add pdskin to deploy user",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:44:24",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:44:24",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T18:51:50",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T18:51:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2467",
      "number": 2467,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2467",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ensuring that the /rt4ds endpoint is accessible over the HTTP for OAR deployments",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2467",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-22T15:27:45",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-22T15:27:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/772",
      "number": 772,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Searching box in collection, folders are not in numerical order",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-02T22:02:55",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/772#issuecomment-912090262",
          "body": "I've messed with this a bunch - I don't think we can make the \"relevance\" sort do this. We could potentially add sort by \"Folder Number\" in the drop-down? Either way I'm not going to be able to get it in and shipped this week, so I'm putting this back in ready."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-02T22:03:01",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-30T16:42:35",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-30T16:42:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/807",
      "number": 807,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "display physical location of Top Containers in finding aid",
      "user_name": "phoebeno",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:50:18",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-01T19:34:25",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-01T19:34:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/892",
      "number": 892,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/892",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Calculate physical location summary from box locations",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:50:18",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:50:18",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:50:18",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T14:50:19",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/892",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T15:57:32",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:57:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/895",
      "number": 895,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/895",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Updates the biographical collection note layout",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/895",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-08-31T16:57:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-08-31T16:57:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/884",
      "number": 884,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/884",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Updates the biographical collection note layout",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T14:04:02",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/884#issuecomment-912564831",
          "body": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/compare/issues-718-jrgriffiniii-biohist-wip?expand=1 just has the fixtures for C0292 replaced by using the GUI to download the affected ArchivesSpace Resources manually. This is passing on CircleCI: https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/pulibrary/pulfalight?branch=issues-718-jrgriffiniii-biohist-wip"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T15:57:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/884#issuecomment-912644494",
          "body": "Deprecated by https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/895"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T15:57:51",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/884",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:09:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T16:09:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/896",
      "number": 896,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Figure out how rights-restricted \"Review\" should display",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-09-03T16:10:04",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/896#issuecomment-912652319",
          "body": "Ping @ccleeton "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:10:00",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:10:04",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:10:04",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T16:21:48",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T16:21:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/897",
      "number": 897,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Storage notes should not display codes.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-03T17:25:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-03T17:25:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/898",
      "number": 898,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[PULFALight/staging] NoMethodError: undefined method `gsub' for nil:NilClass",
      "user_name": "honeybadger[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 48,
    "closed_count": 11,
    "created_count": 11,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 10,
    "pull_request_open_count": 6,
    "updated_count": 10,
    "today": "2021-09-03T22:01:02",
    "yesterday": "2021-09-02T22:01:02"
  }
}