<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css" integrity="sha384-ggOyR0iXCbMQv3Xipma34MD+dH/1fQ784/j6cY/iJTQUOhcWr7x9JvoRxT2MZw1T" crossorigin="anonymous">
    <script src="https://kit.fontawesome.com/5fda38894b.js" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <link rel = "stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../../css/main.css" />
    <title>PUL GitHub Issues for 2022-10-06T22:00:06</title>
  </head>

<body>
  <div class="container-fluid">
    <a id="btt-button"></a>
    
<h1 class="bg-dark text-light">PUL GitHub Issues<br />
  <small class="text-white-70">2022-10-06</small></h1>
<nav class="navbar sticky-top navbar-dark bg-dark">
  <button class="navbar-toggler" type="button" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#navbar-toggler" aria-controls="navbar-toggler" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle navigation">
    <span class="navbar-toggler-icon"></span>
  </button>
  <div class="collapse navbar-collapse" id="navbar-toggler">
    <ul class="navbar-nav mr-auto mt-2 pt-3 mt-lg-0">
      <li class="nav-item not-mono">
        <a class="nav-link" href="../../../../index.html"><i class="fas fa-arrow-left"></i> Back to Report List Page</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#RDOS_Publishing">pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#bibdata">pulibrary/bibdata</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#cicognara-rails">pulibrary/cicognara-rails</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#command_line_curriculum">pulibrary/command_line_curriculum</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#figgy">pulibrary/figgy</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#friends_of_pul">pulibrary/friends_of_pul</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#orangelight">pulibrary/orangelight</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#pdc_describe">pulibrary/pdc_describe</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#pdc_discovery">pulibrary/pdc_discovery</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#princeton_ansible">pulibrary/princeton_ansible</a>
      </li>
      <li class="nav-item">
        <a class="nav-link" href="#pulfalight">pulibrary/pulfalight</a>
      </li>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </div>
</nav>

    
    <section class="repo" id="RDOS_Publishing">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing">pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="RDOS_Publishing-7">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7">#7</a> Describe Form: Additional Metadata (tab details)</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Hannah H</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-09-20 21:08:57</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Chun Ly at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1270093677">2022-10-06 13:53:24</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Chun, does OSTI have a position on this?</p>

<p>Aileen Pritch
<em>Manager, Institutional Requirements &amp; Research Products</em>
Performance Assurance and Contract Management
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory
Office:  609-243-2245
Cell:  848-203-4005
<strong><em>@</em></strong>.***</p>

<p>On Thu, Oct 6, 2022 at 9:34 AM Chun Ly <strong><em>@</em></strong>.***&gt; wrote:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>Hannah and Kate,</p>

<p>Thanks for bringing this to my attention. I&#39;ve CC-ed Aileen so she&#39;s
aware. You bring up an interesting point of how to disclose funding
metadata. I can show how DOE does this for those records in question. I
believe DOE/OSTI has taken an easier approach of populating identifiers fields
in the DataCite metadata schema for funding instead of using any specific
funding field.</p>

<p>Here are two DataSpace datasets with DOI minting from DOE:
88435/dsp011g05ff77b:
<a href="https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888276">https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888276</a>
88435/dsp013j3335393:
<a href="https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888262">https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888262</a></p>

<p>As you can see, a separate identifiers field is provided with the grants
numbers.</p>

<p>Regarding the original question, having additional metadata of who the
funder is and a URI to the grant is a good idea as Crossref and a number of
open infrastructures are moving in this direction with RORs and other
persistent identifiers. However, I&#39;m not sure how feasible this is for all
grants. While most PPPL funding is from DOE, there are separate
sub-divisions (e.g., Office of Science), and there are also non-DOE funding
such as NASA and NSF. Also, I&#39;m not sure if our prime contract grant
(DE-AC02-09CH11466) has a URI. I would not consider having full funding
metadata as MVP, but it could be something that we need in the future with
the push for NSPM-33 to use persistent identifiers (we had received
inquiries from DOE on our current use of persistent identifiers - ORCID,
ROR, grants, etc.).</p>

<p>Award DOIs have been discussed by the DOE community, but it&#39;s used
sparingly at the moment. DOE has the following service that PPPL has not
used: <a href="https://www.osti.gov/award-doi-service/">https://www.osti.gov/award-doi-service/</a>. I know of only two labs
that have begun to experiment with this for their user facilities.</p>

<p>Cheers,
- Chun</p>

<p>Research Data Developer
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory
Performance Assurance &amp; Contract Management
ORCID: 0000-0002-4245-2318 <a href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4245-2318">https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4245-2318</a></p>

<p>On Wed, Oct 5, 2022 at 11:12 AM Hannah H <strong><em>@</em></strong>.***&gt; wrote:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>Thanks @kelynch <a href="https://github.com/kelynch">https://github.com/kelynch</a>! These are PPPL
submissions, so let&#39;s check with Chun about how these would fit into
Datacite.</p>

<p>@astrochun <a href="https://github.com/astrochun">https://github.com/astrochun</a>, We are examining how to
transcribe the funder information in these records to Datacite. We are
currently assuming to use the following properties for Funding Reference
<a href="https://support.datacite.org/docs/datacite-metadata-schema-v44-recommended-and-optional-properties#19-fundingreference">https://support.datacite.org/docs/datacite-metadata-schema-v44-recommended-and-optional-properties#19-fundingreference</a>.
(note: We will eventually have all of Datacite, but this is what we
anticipate to start with.):</p>

<ul>
<li>Funder Name</li>
<li>Award Number</li>
<li>Award URI</li>
</ul>

<p>Do you see the information in your currently published records fitting
into these fields? Please let us know if you see a need (in the near future
vs waiting a bit for the full Datacite schema to be properly added) for
additional or different fields for the properties under Funding Reference.
Thanks!</p>

<p>—
Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1268772948">https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1268772948</a>,
or unsubscribe
<a href="https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/AE25ORQDQ23EXJPCGQREFFTWBXAI3ANCNFSM6AAAAAAQROTYHQ">https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/AE25ORQDQ23EXJPCGQREFFTWBXAI3ANCNFSM6AAAAAAQROTYHQ</a>
.
You are receiving this because you were mentioned.Message ID:
<strong><em>@</em></strong>.***&gt;</p>
</blockquote>
</blockquote>

              </dd>
              <dt>Chun Ly at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1270097025">2022-10-06 13:55:19</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="odd">
                <p>Not sure why my response via email did not show up here, but I see Aileen&#39;s response so see above for my full initial response.</p>

              </dd>
              <dt>Chun Ly at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1270108375">2022-10-06 14:01:48</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Aileen,</p>

<p>My recollection from a few months ago when the Award DOI was discussed at
one of the community calls is that they would like to see more labs adopt
the Award DOIs, but it was still in the early stages of awareness for many
labs.  I think many labs currently don&#39;t have the bandwidth and would
rather see a few labs (PNNL for example) lead the way before making a
decision. At that time, it wasn&#39;t apparent to me how we would entirely use
the Award DOI service since I think PNNL is providing grants/sub-grants(?)
for users. Namely, they have a separate award number and thus tracking it
via an Award DOI makes sense.</p>

<p>If you think we should reach out to them now and explain our current
scenario with our data repository, I can reach out.</p>

<p>Cheers,
- Chun</p>

<p>Research Data Developer
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory
Performance Assurance &amp; Contract Management
ORCID: 0000-0002-4245-2318 <a href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4245-2318">https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4245-2318</a></p>

<p>On Thu, Oct 6, 2022 at 6:53 AM Aileen Pritch <strong><em>@</em></strong>.***&gt; wrote:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>Chun, does OSTI have a position on this?</p>

<p>Aileen Pritch
<em>Manager, Institutional Requirements &amp; Research Products</em>
Performance Assurance and Contract Management
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory
Office:  609-243-2245
Cell:  848-203-4005
<strong><em>@</em></strong>.***</p>

<p>On Thu, Oct 6, 2022 at 9:34 AM Chun Ly <strong><em>@</em></strong>.***&gt; wrote:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>Hannah and Kate,</p>

<p>Thanks for bringing this to my attention. I&#39;ve CC-ed Aileen so she&#39;s
aware. You bring up an interesting point of how to disclose funding
metadata. I can show how DOE does this for those records in question. I
believe DOE/OSTI has taken an easier approach of populating identifiers fields
in the DataCite metadata schema for funding instead of using any specific
funding field.</p>

<p>Here are two DataSpace datasets with DOI minting from DOE:
88435/dsp011g05ff77b:
<a href="https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888276">https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888276</a>
88435/dsp013j3335393:
<a href="https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888262">https://api.datacite.org/dois/application/vnd.datacite.datacite+json/10.11578/1888262</a></p>

<p>As you can see, a separate identifiers field is provided with the grants
numbers.</p>

<p>Regarding the original question, having additional metadata of who the
funder is and a URI to the grant is a good idea as Crossref and a number of
open infrastructures are moving in this direction with RORs and other
persistent identifiers. However, I&#39;m not sure how feasible this is for all
grants. While most PPPL funding is from DOE, there are separate
sub-divisions (e.g., Office of Science), and there are also non-DOE funding
such as NASA and NSF. Also, I&#39;m not sure if our prime contract grant
(DE-AC02-09CH11466) has a URI. I would not consider having full funding
metadata as MVP, but it could be something that we need in the future with
the push for NSPM-33 to use persistent identifiers (we had received
inquiries from DOE on our current use of persistent identifiers - ORCID,
ROR, grants, etc.).</p>

<p>Award DOIs have been discussed by the DOE community, but it&#39;s used
sparingly at the moment. DOE has the following service that PPPL has not
used: <a href="https://www.osti.gov/award-doi-service/">https://www.osti.gov/award-doi-service/</a>. I know of only two labs
that have begun to experiment with this for their user facilities.</p>

<p>Cheers,
- Chun</p>

<p>Research Data Developer
Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory
Performance Assurance &amp; Contract Management
ORCID: 0000-0002-4245-2318 <a href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4245-2318">https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4245-2318</a></p>

<p>On Wed, Oct 5, 2022 at 11:12 AM Hannah H <strong><em>@</em></strong>.***&gt;
wrote:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>Thanks @kelynch <a href="https://github.com/kelynch">https://github.com/kelynch</a>! These are PPPL
submissions, so let&#39;s check with Chun about how these would fit into
Datacite.</p>

<p>@astrochun <a href="https://github.com/astrochun">https://github.com/astrochun</a>, We are examining how to
transcribe the funder information in these records to Datacite. We are
currently assuming to use the following properties for Funding Reference
<a href="https://support.datacite.org/docs/datacite-metadata-schema-v44-recommended-and-optional-properties#19-fundingreference">https://support.datacite.org/docs/datacite-metadata-schema-v44-recommended-and-optional-properties#19-fundingreference</a>.
(note: We will eventually have all of Datacite, but this is what we
anticipate to start with.):</p>

<ul>
<li>Funder Name</li>
<li>Award Number</li>
<li>Award URI</li>
</ul>

<p>Do you see the information in your currently published records fitting
into these fields? Please let us know if you see a need (in the near future
vs waiting a bit for the full Datacite schema to be properly added) for
additional or different fields for the properties under Funding Reference.
Thanks!</p>

<p>—
Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1268772948">https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1268772948</a>,
or unsubscribe
<a href="https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/AE25ORQDQ23EXJPCGQREFFTWBXAI3ANCNFSM6AAAAAAQROTYHQ">https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/AE25ORQDQ23EXJPCGQREFFTWBXAI3ANCNFSM6AAAAAAQROTYHQ</a>
.
You are receiving this because you were mentioned.Message ID:
<strong><em>@</em></strong>.***&gt;</p>
</blockquote>
</blockquote>
</blockquote>

              </dd>
              <dt>Hannah H at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/7#issuecomment-1270237077">2022-10-06 15:11:20</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="odd">
                <p>@astrochun Thanks so much for this information!</p>

<p>Yes, being able to facilitate property fields to describe complete funding will probably take us beyond the MVP. In the short term we don&#39;t want to lose what has already been entered for records in DataSpace. </p>

<p>Regarding the funder info properties that we are planning to have in the MVP, please let us know if the following translation from what is currently recorded in DataSpace to funder properties in Describe is correct:</p>

<h3>Example of funder info in DataSpace for a PPPL submission:</h3>

<p><strong>dc.contributor.funder</strong> | U.S. Department of Energy (DE-AC02- 09CH11466)</p>

<h3>Proposed translation to our available funder properties in Describe (note: These are optional properties to fill in, so it&#39;s ok to leave blank when needed):</h3>

<p><strong>Funder Name:</strong> U.S. Department of Energy</p>

<p><strong>Award Number:</strong> DE-AC02- 09CH11466</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Kate Lynch at 2022-10-06 13:53:24.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Kate Lynch at 2022-10-06 13:53:25.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Chun Ly at 2022-10-06 13:53:25.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Chun Ly at 2022-10-06 13:53:25.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Kate Lynch at 2022-10-06 14:01:48.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Kate Lynch at 2022-10-06 14:01:48.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Chun Ly at 2022-10-06 14:01:48.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Chun Ly at 2022-10-06 14:01:48.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Chun Ly at 2022-10-06 15:10:48.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Chun Ly at 2022-10-06 15:10:48.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="RDOS_Publishing-12">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/RDOS_Publishing/issues/12">#12</a> Repository Versioning</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Hannah H</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-03 16:25:07</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="bibdata">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata">pulibrary/bibdata</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="bibdata-2004">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2004">#2004</a> Try un-nesting db calls to make debugging easier</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Max Kadel</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 13:36:16</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Closed
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2004">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>referenced</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 15:36:11.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>merged</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 15:36:11.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>closed</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 15:36:12.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>head_ref_deleted</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 15:36:13.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="cicognara-rails">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-rails">pulibrary/cicognara-rails</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="cicognara-rails-542">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-rails/pull/542">#542</a> Force rake tasks to run sequentially</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Hector Correa</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 18:04:09</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Closed
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-rails/pull/542">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:11:07.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:20:51.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:22:44.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:25:57.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:29:26.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:31:01.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:48:22.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>ready_for_review</code> by Hector Correa at 2022-10-06 19:56:14.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>head_ref_force_pushed</code> by Hector Correa at 2022-10-06 20:00:26.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>referenced</code> by Bess Sadler at 2022-10-06 20:22:35.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>merged</code> by Bess Sadler at 2022-10-06 20:22:35.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>closed</code> by Bess Sadler at 2022-10-06 20:22:35.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>head_ref_deleted</code> by Bess Sadler at 2022-10-06 20:22:36.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="command_line_curriculum">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/command_line_curriculum">pulibrary/command_line_curriculum</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="command_line_curriculum-15">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/command_line_curriculum/pull/15">#15</a> improve on environment of our linux vms</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Francis Kayiwa</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 16:54:30</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/command_line_curriculum/pull/15">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>head_ref_force_pushed</code> by Francis Kayiwa at 2022-10-06 18:17:45.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="figgy">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy">pulibrary/figgy</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="figgy-5352">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5352">#5352</a> fileset with too many derivatives</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>hackartisan</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-08-11 16:07:03</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>hackartisan at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5352#issuecomment-1270402132">2022-10-06 16:50:14</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>The merged PR ensures these derivatives don&#39;t continue to be re-generated. The next step is to identify resources with too many derivatives and regenerate derivatives for them to clean up the ones with too many.</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="figgy-5457">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5457">#5457</a> Resource with `.jpf` files failing derivative generation</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>hackartisan</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 16:59:00</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-06 16:59:00.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-06 16:59:00.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="figgy-5458">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5458">#5458</a> Lots of weird files on resource with no derivatives, pdf errors</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>hackartisan</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 17:00:44</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-06 17:00:44.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-06 17:00:44.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-06 17:00:44.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="figgy-5370">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5370">#5370</a> Order Manager doesn't display graphql error messages</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Eliot Jordan</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-08-18 18:18:52</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Shaun Ellis at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5370#issuecomment-1270507132">2022-10-06 18:26:09</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Duplicate of #4847</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="figgy-5459">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5459">#5459</a> figgy item doesn't link to correct finding aid page</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>hackartisan</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 18:51:59</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>hackartisan at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5459#issuecomment-1270546772">2022-10-06 18:55:51</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Note that in figgy it needs to be entered with the dot or else dao updater doesn&#39;t work.</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:52:05.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-06 18:52:11.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="figgy-4352">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4352">#4352</a> PDF generation fails for scanned_resources/4f951479-915d-481a-b157-33250e73ba3d/pdf</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Trey Pendragon</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2020-12-11 20:17:30</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>hackartisan at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4352#issuecomment-1270497814">2022-10-06 18:57:09</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p><a href="https://figgy.princeton.edu/concern/scanned_resources/8b01ee9b-d156-4d5a-8cb5-a8066750bd6d/pdf">https://figgy.princeton.edu/concern/scanned_resources/8b01ee9b-d156-4d5a-8cb5-a8066750bd6d/pdf</a> also failing.</p>

<p>Somebody really wants this one.</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="figgy-5460">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5460">#5460</a> I5370 graphql error alerts</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Shaun Ellis</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 21:03:14</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5460">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="friends_of_pul">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/friends_of_pul">pulibrary/friends_of_pul</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="friends_of_pul-122">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/friends_of_pul/pull/122">#122</a> Bump addressable from 2.4.0 to 2.8.1 in /sites/all/themes/omega/omega</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>dependabot[bot]</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-05 22:48:47</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/friends_of_pul/pull/122">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-05 22:48:48.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-05 22:48:48.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="friends_of_pul-121">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/friends_of_pul/pull/121">#121</a> Bump addressable from 2.3.4 to 2.8.1 in /sites/all/themes/omega/ohm</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>dependabot[bot]</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-05 22:48:47</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/friends_of_pul/pull/121">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-05 22:48:48.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>labeled</code> by None at 2022-10-05 22:48:48.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="orangelight">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight">pulibrary/orangelight</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="orangelight-3225">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3225">#3225</a> Update Supervised Use SCSB items</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Max Kadel</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-05 19:11:35</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Closed
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3225">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>referenced</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 02:22:28.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>merged</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 02:22:28.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>closed</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 02:22:28.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>head_ref_deleted</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 02:22:29.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="orangelight-3228">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3228">#3228</a> Orangelight connection to Bibdata times out when object with many items is requested</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Max Kadel</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 14:08:41</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Max Kadel at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3228#issuecomment-1270125888">2022-10-06 14:11:38</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Note that the request to <a href="https://bibdata.princeton.edu/bibliographic/9933643713506421/holdings/22727480400006421/availability.json">https://bibdata.princeton.edu/bibliographic/9933643713506421/holdings/22727480400006421/availability.json</a> takes over 1 minute to respond:
<img src="https://images.zenhubusercontent.com/5d51624a5b89150001ae0b03/aca8d286-87ed-4781-a659-77eae3eb3059" alt="image.png"></p>

              </dd>
              <dt>Kevin Reiss at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3228#issuecomment-1270405815">2022-10-06 16:53:34</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="odd">
                <p>There are two options for managing holdings with many item records.</p>

<ol>
<li>Implement pagination or lazy loading on the bibdata availability response.</li>
<li>Build the form with the item level data for Alma holdings stored in the solr document (we already do this for SCSB items). For real-time status checking we could either check only items patrons select for requesting or lazy load the availability data on top of the already built form after the intial form load happens with the indexed data. Example record from Alma with a large amount of item data: <a href="https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/9933643713506421/raw">https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/9933643713506421/raw</a>. </li>
</ol>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="orangelight-3230">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3230">#3230</a> Do not display alma detailed item status on request form</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Kevin Reiss</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 16:42:53</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Christina Chortaria at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3230#issuecomment-1270452619">2022-10-06 17:35:59</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Orangelight meeting 10/6/22: the issue was discussed and we decided to display &#39;Available&#39; and &#39;Not Available&#39; in the request form.</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>labeled</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 16:42:53.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="orangelight-3229">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3229">#3229</a> "Item does not have a delivery mode" - being logged as error, but not displayed to users</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Max Kadel</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 14:27:19</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Max Kadel at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3229#issuecomment-1270470106">2022-10-06 17:52:40</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>This may be a duplicate of #3208</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="orangelight-3220">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3220">#3220</a> Users of any type do not need to authenticate in the catalog in order to make Aeon Requests</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Kevin Reiss</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-04 03:10:04</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Closed
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>renamed</code> by Kevin Reiss at 2022-10-06 02:12:24.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>closed</code> by Max Kadel at 2022-10-06 17:57:03.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="orangelight-3216">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3216">#3216</a> Alma login form fields not associated with their labels</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Jane Sandberg</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-09-29 14:49:35</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>assigned</code> by Max Kadel at 2022-10-06 17:57:11.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="orangelight-3231">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3231">#3231</a> Use rails helpers for labels</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Max Kadel</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 19:50:44</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3231">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 19:51:38.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="orangelight-3227">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3227">#3227</a> Add all Numismatics fields to CSV report available for download  in saved bookmarks options</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Kim Leaman</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-05 20:06:07</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Kim Leaman at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3227#issuecomment-1269947700">2022-10-06 12:26:09</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Reaching out to stakeholders on 10/06/2022 to get confirmation on:</p>

<ul>
<li>whether or not all fields are of the same priority of importance</li>
<li>If they are not,  Ill ask them to prioritize the list of fields: First Priority (asap), Second Priority (your PO/Tech Liaison can help with prioritization)</li>
</ul>

<p>Sound good, @maxkadel ?</p>

              </dd>
              <dt>Christina Chortaria at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3227#issuecomment-1270442161">2022-10-06 17:26:21</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="odd">
                <p>see <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/blob/209b6879e0c513cb35a6fd37b533fd4940689cf6/app/controllers/bookmarks_controller.rb#L74">https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/blob/209b6879e0c513cb35a6fd37b533fd4940689cf6/app/controllers/bookmarks_controller.rb#L74</a></p>

              </dd>
              <dt>Kim Leaman at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3227#issuecomment-1270576364">2022-10-06 19:24:06</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Confirmed from Primary Stakeholder, @christinach and @maxkadel : Yes, all numismatic fields visible in the online catalog are expected to be within the CSV download.  What do you need from me and how can I help?</p>

              </dd>
              <dt>Christina Chortaria at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3227#issuecomment-1270614709">2022-10-06 20:02:24</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="odd">
                <p>@kelea99 we are all set. We&#39;ll let you know when the csv is ready for review. Thanks!</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Max Kadel at 2022-10-06 12:26:09.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Max Kadel at 2022-10-06 12:26:09.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Christina Chortaria at 2022-10-06 19:24:06.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Christina Chortaria at 2022-10-06 19:24:06.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Max Kadel at 2022-10-06 19:24:06.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Max Kadel at 2022-10-06 19:24:06.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Kim Leaman at 2022-10-06 20:02:24.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Kim Leaman at 2022-10-06 20:02:25.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="pdc_describe">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe">pulibrary/pdc_describe</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="pdc_describe-462">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/462">#462</a> Removing DspaceImportJob and HumanizedDiskService; Increasing the test coverage to 100%</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>James R. Griffin III</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-04 13:48:26</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/462">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>head_ref_force_pushed</code> by James R. Griffin III at 2022-10-06 15:12:32.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>head_ref_force_pushed</code> by James R. Griffin III at 2022-10-06 15:13:18.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>renamed</code> by James R. Griffin III at 2022-10-06 16:05:37.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>ready_for_review</code> by James R. Griffin III at 2022-10-06 16:05:41.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="pdc_describe-467">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/467">#467</a> Integrating ResourceType and resourceTypeGeneral into the Work forms</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>James R. Griffin III</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 20:07:43</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/467">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="pdc_describe-466">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/466">#466</a> Explicitly deleting files as they change</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>carolyncole</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 18:32:49</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/466">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="pdc_discovery">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery">pulibrary/pdc_discovery</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="pdc_discovery-340">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/issues/340">#340</a> First pass at PDC Describe indexing in PDC Discovery</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Bess Sadler</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-09-29 15:21:36</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Bess Sadler at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/issues/340#issuecomment-1270299777">2022-10-06 15:54:10</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Current state of a solr record for our first sample: 
<code>
     {
        &quot;id&quot;:&quot;doi-10-34770-r75s-9j74&quot;,
        &quot;author_tesim&quot;:[&quot;Trueman, Daniel&quot;,
          &quot;Wang, Matthew&quot;,
          &quot;Villalta, Andrés&quot;,
          &quot;Chou, Katie&quot;,
          &quot;Ayres, Christien&quot;],
        &quot;title_tesim&quot;:[&quot;bitKlavier Grand Sample Library—Binaural Mic Image&quot;],
        &quot;publisher_ssim&quot;:[&quot;Princeton University&quot;],
        &quot;hashed_id_ssi&quot;:&quot;c1b9e120d1b6416d&quot;,
        &quot;timestamp&quot;:&quot;2022-10-06T15:43:33.337Z&quot;,
        &quot;score&quot;:2.682568}]
  },
</code></p>

<p>Current state of the same record indexed from DataSpace:
<code>
 {
        &quot;abstract_tsim&quot;:[&quot;The bitKlavier Grand consists of sample collections of a new Steinway D grand piano from nine different stereo mic images, with: 16 velocity layers, at every minor 3rd (starting at A0); Hammer release samples; Release resonance samples; Pedal samples. Release packages at 96k/24bit, 88.2k/24bit, 48k/24bit, 44.1k/16bit are available for various applications.&quot;],
        &quot;contributor_tsim&quot;:[&quot;Wang, Matthew&quot;,
          &quot;Villalta, Andrés&quot;,
          &quot;Gordon, Jeffrey&quot;,
          &quot;Chou, Katie&quot;,
          &quot;Ayers, Christien&quot;],
        &quot;description_tsim&quot;:[&quot;Binaural: Neumann KU100\r\nThis is the binaural head placed in the same location as a seated pianist. It accurately captures what the player would hear while playing the instrument.\r\n\r\nFile Naming Convention: C4 = middle C\u2028. Main note names: [note name][octave]v[velocity].wav\u2028 -- e.g., “D#5v13.wav”\u2028. Release resonance notes:  harm[note name][octave]v[velocity].wav\u2028 -- e.g., “harmC2v2.wav”. Hammer samples:\u2028 rel[1-88].wav (one per key)\u2028 -- e.g., “rel23.wav”\u2028. Pedal samples:\u2028 pedal[D/U][velocity].wav\u2028 -- e.g., “pedalU2.wav” =&gt; pedal release (U = up), velocity = 2 (quicker release than velocity = 1)\u2028.&quot;,
          &quot;This dataset is too large to download directly from this item page. You can access and download the data via Globus (See \&quot;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uf2c7Y1fiFs\&quot; for instructions on how to use Globus).&quot;],
        &quot;handle_ssim&quot;:[&quot;88435/dsp01nv9356017&quot;],
        &quot;id&quot;:&quot;125444&quot;,
        &quot;uri_ssim&quot;:[&quot;http://arks.princeton.edu/ark:/88435/dsp01nv9356017&quot;,
          &quot;https://doi.org/10.34770/zztk-f783&quot;,
          &quot;https://app.globus.org/file-manager?destination_id=dc43f461-0ca7-4203-848c-33a9fc00a464&amp;destination_path=%2Fzztk-f783%2F&quot;],
        &quot;collection_id_ssi&quot;:&quot;3387&quot;,
        &quot;handle_ssi&quot;:&quot;88435/dsp01nv9356017&quot;,
        &quot;community_name_ssi&quot;:&quot;Music and Arts&quot;,
        &quot;community_root_name_ssi&quot;:&quot;Music and Arts&quot;,
        &quot;community_path_name_ssi&quot;:&quot;Music and Arts&quot;,
        &quot;collection_name_ssi&quot;:&quot;bitKlavier&quot;,
        &quot;author_tesim&quot;:[&quot;Trueman, Daniel&quot;],
        &quot;author_ssim&quot;:[&quot;Trueman, Daniel&quot;],
        &quot;title_tesim&quot;:[&quot;bitKlavier Grand Sample Library—Binaural Mic Image&quot;],
        &quot;domain_ssi&quot;:&quot;Humanities&quot;,
        &quot;date_accessioned_ssim&quot;:[&quot;24 March 2022&quot;],
        &quot;date_available_ssim&quot;:[&quot;24 March 2022&quot;],
        &quot;year_available_itsi&quot;:2022,
        &quot;date_created_ssim&quot;:[&quot;1 September 2021&quot;],
        &quot;issue_date_ssim&quot;:[&quot;24 March 2022&quot;],
        &quot;issue_date_strict_ssi&quot;:&quot;2022-03-24&quot;,
        &quot;tableofcontents_tesim&quot;:[&quot;bitKlavierGrand_Binaural_44k16b, bitKlavierGrand_Binaural_48k24b, bitKlavierGrand_Binaural_88k24b, bitKlavierGrand_Binaural_96k24b&quot;],
        &quot;language_ssim&quot;:[&quot;en_US&quot;],
        &quot;publisher_ssim&quot;:[&quot;Princeton University&quot;],
        &quot;rights_ssim&quot;:[&quot;CC BY 4.0 International&quot;],
        &quot;subject_tesim&quot;:[&quot;bitKlavier&quot;,
          &quot;sample library&quot;,
          &quot;piano&quot;],
        &quot;subject_all_ssim&quot;:[&quot;bitKlavier&quot;,
          &quot;sample library&quot;,
          &quot;piano&quot;],
        &quot;subject_all_tesim&quot;:[&quot;bitKlavier&quot;,
          &quot;sample library&quot;,
          &quot;piano&quot;],
        &quot;genre_ssim&quot;:[&quot;Dataset&quot;,
          &quot;Sound&quot;],
        &quot;files_ss&quot;:&quot;[{\&quot;name\&quot;:\&quot;The bitKlavier Grand.pdf\&quot;,\&quot;description\&quot;:\&quot;\&quot;,\&quot;format\&quot;:\&quot;Adobe PDF\&quot;,\&quot;size\&quot;:\&quot;8718840\&quot;,\&quot;mime_type\&quot;:\&quot;application/pdf\&quot;,\&quot;sequence\&quot;:\&quot;1\&quot;,\&quot;bundle_name\&quot;:\&quot;ORIGINAL\&quot;,\&quot;handle\&quot;:\&quot;88435/dsp01nv9356017\&quot;},{\&quot;name\&quot;:\&quot;README_Binaural.txt\&quot;,\&quot;description\&quot;:\&quot;\&quot;,\&quot;format\&quot;:\&quot;Text\&quot;,\&quot;size\&quot;:\&quot;10336\&quot;,\&quot;mime_type\&quot;:\&quot;text/plain\&quot;,\&quot;sequence\&quot;:\&quot;2\&quot;,\&quot;bundle_name\&quot;:\&quot;ORIGINAL\&quot;,\&quot;handle\&quot;:\&quot;88435/dsp01nv9356017\&quot;}]&quot;,
        &quot;hashed_id_ssi&quot;:&quot;e760f80cfa49b13c&quot;,
        &quot;timestamp&quot;:&quot;2022-10-06T15:51:34.974Z&quot;,
        &quot;score&quot;:2.69924}]
  },
</code></p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="pdc_discovery-345">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/345">#345</a> Start indexing our bitklavier fixture object</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Bess Sadler</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 19:52:11</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/345">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>convert_to_draft</code> by Bess Sadler at 2022-10-06 19:52:17.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="princeton_ansible">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible">pulibrary/princeton_ansible</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="princeton_ansible-2817">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2817">#2817</a> upgrade zookeeper vms</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Francis Kayiwa</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-03-04 21:16:05</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Closed
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Francis Kayiwa at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2817#issuecomment-1269983892">2022-10-06 12:49:30</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>Zookeeper VMs successfully upgraded to Bionic. </p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>closed</code> by Francis Kayiwa at 2022-10-06 12:49:30.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="princeton_ansible-3381">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3381">#3381</a> add hc3 and hc3-test permanent redirects</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Francis Kayiwa</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 13:01:30</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3381">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="princeton_ansible-3373">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3373">#3373</a> Update bibdata staging to ruby 3.1</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Christina Chortaria</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-09-30 14:13:55</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3373">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Comments:</dt>
          

          <dd class="comments">
            <dl>
              <dt>Alicia Cozine at <a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3373#issuecomment-1270816317">2022-10-06 23:02:16</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i> :</dt>
              <dd class="even">
                <p>@christinach and I will work on this again next week.</p>

<p>Also related to #3117.</p>

              </dd>
            </dl>
          </dd>

          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>mentioned</code> by Christina Chortaria at 2022-10-06 23:02:16.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>subscribed</code> by Christina Chortaria at 2022-10-06 23:02:16.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="princeton_ansible-3382">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3382">#3382</a> triggers an nginx restart when new config gets loaded</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Alicia Cozine</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-06 23:41:04</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3382">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue even" id="princeton_ansible-3377">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3377">#3377</a> Builds deploy authorized_keys from a template</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>Alicia Cozine</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-04 15:19:11</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Open
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3377">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>head_ref_force_pushed</code> by Alicia Cozine at 2022-10-06 17:05:17.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>ready_for_review</code> by Alicia Cozine at 2022-10-06 17:05:46.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>
    <section class="repo" id="pulfalight">
      <h2><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight">pulibrary/pulfalight</a> <i class="fas fa-external-link-alt fa-xs"></i></h2>
      <div class="issues">
        
      <div class="issue even" id="pulfalight-1177">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1177">#1177</a> Display "Other Finding Aids" under "Find Related Materials"</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>taylor-yamashita</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-10-04 20:10:47</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Closed
          (<a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1177">pull request</a>)
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>deployed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 15:05:55.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>referenced</code> by None at 2022-10-06 15:08:21.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>merged</code> by None at 2022-10-06 15:08:21.</li>
  <li class="event odd">
    <code>closed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 15:08:21.</li>
  <li class="event even">
    <code>head_ref_deleted</code> by None at 2022-10-06 15:08:22.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>
      <div class="issue odd" id="pulfalight-967">
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/967">#967</a> Other Finding Aids note should be display under Find Related Materials</h3>
        <dl>
          <dt>Creator:</dt>
          <dd>faithc</dd>
          <dt>Created:</dt>
          <dd>2022-01-20 20:15:22</dd>
          <dt>Status:</dt>
          <dd>Closed
          </dd>
          <dt>Events:</dt>
          <dd>
            <ul class="events">
            
  <li class="event even">
    <code>closed</code> by None at 2022-10-06 15:08:22.</li>

            </ul>
          </dd>
        </dl>
      </div>

      </div>
    </section>

    <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.4.1.min.js" integrity="sha256-CSXorXvZcTkaix6Yvo6HppcZGetbYMGWSFlBw8HfCJo=" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/js/bootstrap.min.js" integrity="sha384-JjSmVgyd0p3pXB1rRibZUAYoIIy6OrQ6VrjIEaFf/nJGzIxFDsf4x0xIM+B07jRM" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="../../../../js/report.js"></script>
  </div>
</body>

</html>
