{
  "DSS": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-30T17:57:20",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-30T17:57:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/180",
      "number": 180,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Make sure user, search tables are being expired",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:43:05",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:43:12",
          "type": "moved_columns_in_project"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:41:56",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:58:46",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:04:42",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:20:35",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:25:16",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:25:17",
          "type": "moved_columns_in_project"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:16:18",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:35:42",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:20:45",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:42:51",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T15:42:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/187",
      "number": 187,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/187",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add lazy guest user expiration and schedule in cron",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T18:25:10",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/187#issuecomment-850592311",
          "body": "It's running on staging and the count's coming down. I'll merge and deploy it to prod."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:44:34",
          "type": "convert_to_draft"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:58:47",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:04:43",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:20:36",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:24:50",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:25:16",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:25:16",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:25:16",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:25:20",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/187",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-06-05T14:47:34",
      "updated_at": "2020-06-05T14:47:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/161",
      "number": 161,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/161",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump websocket-extensions from 0.1.3 to 0.1.5",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:26:29",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/161",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:20:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T20:20:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/188",
      "number": 188,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/188",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Increase batch size for guest user destroy",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:26:25",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:26:25",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:26:25",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:26:29",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/pull/188",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-21T13:49:08",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-21T13:49:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1348",
      "number": 1348,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ensure only one incremental indexing job can run at a time",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-05-27T22:00:26",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-10T20:45:58",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-10T20:45:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1309",
      "number": 1309,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Index numismatics in alma-qa",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T14:22:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1309#issuecomment-849602146",
          "body": "We need to figure out the location code for numismatics. If we index them now with no change they will take https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/blob/c5f851aea6e7c65306e17fb40ec9cf74c40a0a7f/app/resources/numismatics/coins/orangelight_coin_builder.rb#L142 location code `num`. \nIn https://bibdata-alma-staging.princeton.edu/locations/holding_locations the location code for numismatics is `rare$num`.\n\nThe location code will need to be updated in figgy. We can't make this change, though, until we are ready to turn off syncing for the production catalog."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:13:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:13:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1373",
      "number": 1373,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ensure non-recap holdings and items are excluded from scsb record dump",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T15:31:16",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1373#issuecomment-850500044",
          "body": "I also updated the description ^. We are looking for `852 | 8` to get the holding id and then to get the items attached to this holding we are looking for `876 | 0`. \r\n\r\n- Subfield `852 | b` and `852 | c` provide the location code that we will cross check with the locations table. \r\n\r\n- Another option is to have an array of location codes for the library name that indicates if it is a remote storage or not (recap_rmt). For example `firestone$pf`, `firestone$pb` we know that they are `recap_rmt`. \r\nIn both options we need to maintain the code base with updated remote storage locations. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:13:24",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:13:24",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:13:24",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-27T12:17:30",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-27T12:17:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1368",
      "number": 1368,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Thesis are index with a holding location of mudd, but no location of just mudd exists",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:58:24",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:02:57",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T17:02:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1374",
      "number": 1374,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Items in Resource Sharing Process Type cause errors in some Availability Lookups",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:02:57",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:02:57",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:52:42",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T17:52:42",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1375",
      "number": 1375,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Scsb full dump is missing dump files",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:52:42",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-26T16:20:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-26T16:20:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1364",
      "number": 1364,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Link to digital content does not scroll down the page to viewer",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:53:25",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "cicognara-catalogo": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-14T20:44:13",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-14T20:44:13",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-catalogo/issues/152",
      "number": 152,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-catalogo",
      "repository_name": "cicognara-catalogo",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Metadata for Volumes Within Multi-Volume Works?",
      "user_name": "David Platt",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "David Platt",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:59:10",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:16:19",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T19:16:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-catalogo/issues/153",
      "number": 153,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/cicognara-catalogo",
      "repository_name": "cicognara-catalogo",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Fiche No. 262B, 262C, 262D (dcl:5pq, dcl:f8t. and dcl:g00) Missing from DCL and External Vendor's Images",
      "user_name": "David Platt",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:16:19",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "David Platt",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:16:19",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:56:39",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T02:56:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/349",
      "number": 349,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/349",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Adding documentation for the Elements API",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/349",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T16:42:31",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T16:42:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/219",
      "number": 219,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Request access to Symplectic Elements virtual machines for libkm",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T02:58:50",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/219#issuecomment-850075094",
          "body": "Access to the virtual machines needs to be reviewed with members of the DRDS team, particularly with regards to the work underway to explore porting Elements functionality to a new implementation of DSpace 7 by Atmire."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:58:50",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T17:16:15",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T17:16:15",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/240",
      "number": 240,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Document how Symplectic Elements interfaces with the OAR",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T03:00:19",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/240#issuecomment-850075529",
          "body": "The REST API documentation introduced in https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/349 advances some of this, but there may be some additional points which must be outlined or described."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-31T14:36:34",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-31T14:36:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/305",
      "number": 305,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Symplectic Element deposits are failing for the production environment",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T03:01:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/305#issuecomment-850075880",
          "body": "In order to clean the project board, I'm going to proceed with closing this."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:01:31",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-05-18T15:28:25",
      "updated_at": "2020-05-18T15:28:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/133",
      "number": 133,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Troubleshoot Google Analytics for oar.princeton.edu",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:02:19",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-16T14:51:29",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-16T14:51:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/210",
      "number": 210,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Decommission the OIT-managed DataSpace servers for the production and QA environments",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T03:03:18",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/210#issuecomment-850076443",
          "body": "This was resolved and confirmed as having been completed."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:03:18",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-26T15:03:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-26T15:03:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/331",
      "number": 331,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ensure that DataSpace submissions for the Gu dian yan jiu 古典研究 = Chinese journal of classical studies Community are in the proper workflow",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:03:38",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-16T14:52:20",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-16T14:52:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/211",
      "number": 211,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Decommission the OIT-managed OAR servers for the production and QA environments",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T03:07:27",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/211#issuecomment-850077887",
          "body": "This was resolved and confirmed as having been completed."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:07:27",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T16:44:52",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T16:44:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/220",
      "number": 220,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Consider whether or not CPanel access should remain enabled for the oawaiver server",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:09:00",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T16:50:06",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T16:50:06",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/228",
      "number": 228,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Document general systems administration tasks for the DataSpace and OAR servers",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T03:09:58",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/228#issuecomment-850078690",
          "body": "At this point, in order to clean this project board, I suspect that this is simply too generic to serve as an actionable issue."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:09:58",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-05-27T22:19:57",
      "updated_at": "2020-05-27T22:19:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/326",
      "number": 326,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Extend the Collection view JSP for rendering descriptions, introductory text, copyright text, and sidebar text",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:11:52",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:11:52",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:12:00",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-05-26T19:57:51",
      "updated_at": "2020-05-26T19:57:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/324",
      "number": 324,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Use the Dropbox Embedder widget for DataSpace file uploads",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:12:19",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:12:19",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:12:19",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-06-18T18:58:57",
      "updated_at": "2020-06-18T18:58:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/325",
      "number": 325,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add gender-inclusive terminology for hint text in the Messages.properties file",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:12:50",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:12:55",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:13:16",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:13:16",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-10-12T13:57:41",
      "updated_at": "2020-10-12T13:57:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/323",
      "number": 323,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Errors are raised for `if (bundles[i].getName().equals(\"ORIGINAL\"))` when the bundle or bundle name is `null`",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:14:03",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:14:03",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:14:03",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-08T18:46:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-08T18:46:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/316",
      "number": 316,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Migrate LISD items from DataSpace to the OAR",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:14:46",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:14:46",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:14:46",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:14:46",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-08T15:18:55",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-08T15:18:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/314",
      "number": 314,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Normalize advisor names in theses",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:15:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:15:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:15:40",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T15:18:36",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T15:18:36",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/307",
      "number": 307,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Restructure documentation using GitHub Pages",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:16:23",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-24T13:59:22",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-24T13:59:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/346",
      "number": 346,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create redirects from DataSpace to OAR for migrated collection",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:16:41",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:16:41",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-21T14:31:40",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-21T14:31:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/327",
      "number": 327,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Reuse handles for exported items when importing to another DSpace instance",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:16:55",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:16:55",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-15T17:52:15",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-15T17:52:15",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/293",
      "number": 293,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Set up PRDS instance of data space",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:18:02",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:18:02",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:18:03",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-01T15:19:10",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-01T15:19:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/306",
      "number": 306,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Provide documentation for reconciling ARKs with DataSpace Item URIs for Voyager Records",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:18:36",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:18:36",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-22T20:28:46",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-22T20:28:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/298",
      "number": 298,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Determine which tasks are explicitly assigned to user ameerson in DataSpace",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:19:04",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:19:04",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-11T21:00:22",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-11T21:00:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/292",
      "number": 292,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Home button is broken in Data Space",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:19:26",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:19:26",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-09T20:03:46",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-09T20:03:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/286",
      "number": 286,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SPIKE: Provide metadata and solr data dump for PRDS",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:19:51",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-03T14:08:38",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-03T14:08:38",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/275",
      "number": 275,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "E-Persons should be encoded with UTF-8",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:20:29",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:20:44",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-13T13:48:08",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-13T13:48:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/267",
      "number": 267,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Incorrect display of names with diacritics (character encoding issues)",
      "user_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:21:47",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:21:47",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T17:19:18",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T17:19:18",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/243",
      "number": 243,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "What would be required for introducing Community-level DataSpace documentation?",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:23:12",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:23:31",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T17:12:22",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T17:12:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/235",
      "number": 235,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Document user administration tasks for DataSpace and the OAR",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T03:25:04",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/235#issuecomment-850083581",
          "body": "Given the broad scope of this issue, and in order to clean the project board, I'm going to close this issue as it is questionably actionable."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:25:04",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-07T14:05:48",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-07T14:05:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/338",
      "number": 338,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/338",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add mailhog documentation",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:07",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:07",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:07",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:10",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/338",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-07T13:24:23",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-07T13:24:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/337",
      "number": 337,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/337",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add thesis sql script to documentation",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:36",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:36",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:36",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T03:27:39",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/337",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-16T13:23:40",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-16T13:23:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/320",
      "number": 320,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Document the process of exportation of Elements records",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:55:39",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-27T12:43:59",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-27T12:43:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/332",
      "number": 332,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Open Symplectic Elements servers for access from Atmire OIT service accounts",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:57:04",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/332#issuecomment-850438018",
          "body": "This was tested and confirmed as resolved with two team members at Atmire."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:57:04",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-29T15:23:46",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-29T15:23:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/335",
      "number": 335,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Adjust the pre-populated metadata for Item submission forms in the DataSpace PPPL Collections",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:57:30",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:32:57",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:32:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/350",
      "number": 350,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/350",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Adding links for requesting support from OIT for Elements servers",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/pull/350",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:04:41",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T17:04:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/353",
      "number": 353,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update Elements to release v6.3",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:04:41",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:04:41",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-11T20:35:10",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-11T20:35:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/341",
      "number": 341,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add DataSpace arks to MARC records for November 2019, January 2020, March 2020 Dissertations",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T17:14:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/341#issuecomment-850557710",
          "body": "Following the creation of https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-java (and improvement for the documentation), the cleaned and linked MARC record batches have been copied to the Samba shares on `smb://lib-tsserver.princeton.edu/vendor_records_IN`."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:14:55",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-11T14:24:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-11T14:24:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/288",
      "number": 288,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Connect embargoes with senior theses with unique identifier",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:30:13",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:43:59",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:43:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/352",
      "number": 352,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Ensure that the Elements REST API is accessible from oar-beta1.princeton.edu",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:59:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/352#issuecomment-850439492",
          "body": "The request for this update is in progress and I am awaiting a response from OIT in [REQ0212453](https://princeton.service-now.com/service?sys_id=42489c931b9834d07ceedca1b24bcb1b&view=sp&id=ticket&table=sc_req_item)"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T18:32:24",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/352#issuecomment-850595624",
          "body": "I have tested and confirmed that the REST API is now accessible from `oar-beta1.princeton.edu`."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:43:59",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:43:59",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:44:00",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:44:00",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:32:24",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-21T14:07:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-21T14:07:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/344",
      "number": 344,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Provide access to the HTTP REST API for Symplectic Elements",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T18:33:06",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/344#issuecomment-850595953",
          "body": "This should be resolved and accessible over the VPN."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:33:09",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:40:21",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:40:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/351",
      "number": 351,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Ensure that the Elements REST API is accessible for clients authenticated over the Princeton VPN",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:40:21",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:40:21",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:40:21",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:40:22",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:33:41",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-21T14:40:13",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-21T14:40:13",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/345",
      "number": 345,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Link to PRDS DataSpace help page from submission forms",
      "user_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T20:56:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/345#issuecomment-850665976",
          "body": "@matthewjchandler This should now be fixed on dataspace-dev. Take a look when you get a chance? "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:56:54",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:56:54",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-java": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:49:29",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T19:49:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-java/issues/2",
      "number": 2,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-java",
      "repository_name": "dspace-java",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "The MARC processing fails for cases where the titles indexed in DataSpace do not match the casing for the titles specified in the ProQuest MARC record",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:49:29",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:49:22",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T15:49:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2481",
      "number": 2481,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add new numismatics location when USE_ALMA=true",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:49:22",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:49:22",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:05:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T17:05:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2482",
      "number": 2482,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Rename method voyager_holding? -> alma_holding?",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:05:24",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:05:24",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-17T22:02:53",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-17T22:02:53",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2456",
      "number": 2456,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2456",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Update location display in alma search results #2418 to include the library name.",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:12:20",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2456",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-15T20:19:05",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-15T20:19:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2411",
      "number": 2411,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Thumbnails are broken for figgy images",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:53:16",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:23:48",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T20:23:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2484",
      "number": 2484,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2484",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Increase batch size when deleting guest users",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:42:03",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:42:03",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:42:03",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:42:04",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2484",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:28:31",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T18:28:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483",
      "number": 2483,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update for alma with new numismatics location",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T20:11:52",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483#issuecomment-850647158",
          "body": "@hackartisan are you asking me to keep one or the other?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T20:13:45",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483#issuecomment-850648039",
          "body": "I noticed that my test does not include the USE_ALMA maybe that created a confusion."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T20:30:33",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483#issuecomment-850655310",
          "body": "From slack @hackartisan explained to me that she meant to keep all the options for numismatics for more flexibility; I explained that the orangelight/alma branch includes the request version that is looking for rare$num; this will only work when it gets merged and we are in the alma environment. So it wouldn't work to index numismatics earlier with `rare$num` if we are not in alma mode. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T20:33:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483#issuecomment-850656399",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/40132098/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/40132098)\n\nCoverage remained the same at 96.726% when pulling **d583cbdf047a8d71e2bd5033c55ae177232ec2a7 on 2481-alma-numismatics-location** into **b48ac48e8d227c661d38359016160fde4bf44f05 on main**.\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T21:11:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483#issuecomment-850671834",
          "body": "I'm curious about indexing `num` in alma during QA, not indexing `rare$num` before alma. because of the timing of the required figgy change. but I won't hold up this PR over it; it sounds like if we wanted to change it it would have to be done here and in requests."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:29:42",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:11:41",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:11:41",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:20:23",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:25:29",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:30:33",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:30:33",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T20:33:57",
          "type": "review_requested"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2483",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-27T15:14:29",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-27T15:14:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2284",
      "number": 2284,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2284",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[bibdata-alma-staging] Use staging scsb s3 bucket",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:31:04",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:31:04",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:31:04",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:31:05",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2284",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:47:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T14:47:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2287",
      "number": 2287,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create a playbook that adds developers to the deploy user",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:47:52",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-21T15:11:53",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-21T15:11:53",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2274",
      "number": 2274,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Fix bibdata machine permissions so deploy can read/write in /data/marc_liberation_files/",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T14:26:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2274#issuecomment-850456878",
          "body": "There was a conflict in logic between the samba shares created in the bibdata role and the samba share logic coming out of the samba role via hr_share, which made the dir owned by root."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:14:34",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:45:25",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:37:02",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:24:11",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T14:24:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2286",
      "number": 2286,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2286",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "bibdata: Set owner for samba shares",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:45:26",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:37:02",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:37:02",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:37:02",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:37:03",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2286",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:17:39",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T19:17:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2288",
      "number": 2288,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2288",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "add a deploy playbook",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:24:47",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:24:47",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:24:48",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:24:48",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2288",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pul_library_drupal": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-21T18:46:41",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-21T18:46:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/issues/1740",
      "number": 1740,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal",
      "repository_name": "pul_library_drupal",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Retire staff announcement content types, features, and views",
      "user_name": "Axa Mei Liauw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:37",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-24T17:05:33",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-24T17:05:33",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1742",
      "number": 1742,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1742",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal",
      "repository_name": "pul_library_drupal",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Removes staff announcements feature",
      "user_name": "Axa Mei Liauw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:37",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:37",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:37",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:38",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1742",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-24T19:21:08",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-24T19:21:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1743",
      "number": 1743,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1743",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal",
      "repository_name": "pul_library_drupal",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Remove library newsletters feature",
      "user_name": "Axa Mei Liauw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:57",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:57",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:57",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:57",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1743",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-25T18:03:49",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-25T18:03:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1745",
      "number": 1745,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1745",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal",
      "repository_name": "pul_library_drupal",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Module updates",
      "user_name": "Axa Mei Liauw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:18:19",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:18:19",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:18:19",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:18:20",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1745",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T04:15:50",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T04:15:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/838",
      "number": 838,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/838",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump dns-packet from 1.3.1 to 1.3.4",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T04:15:51",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T04:15:51",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/838",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pulmap": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-12T20:24:39",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-12T20:24:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/issues/936",
      "number": 936,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap",
      "repository_name": "pulmap",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[Pulmap/production] ActionView::Template::Error: LinearRing failed ring test",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T11:35:15",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-12T20:20:54",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-12T20:20:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/issues/935",
      "number": 935,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap",
      "repository_name": "pulmap",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[Pulmap/production] ActionView::Template::Error: LinearRing failed ring test",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T11:35:15",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-27T20:18:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-27T20:18:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/944",
      "number": 944,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/944",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap",
      "repository_name": "pulmap",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Update GeoBlacklight to fix issue with un-parsable geometry",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-27T22:13:42",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/944#issuecomment-849956359",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/40100773/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/40100773)\n\nCoverage remained the same at 100.0% when pulling **5b7667ffa0048da5a2865216693f8dd6cea1eecd on 936-linear-ring** into **10cabde3fa29b0f6b7eea87a34787d681539a05c on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T11:35:15",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T11:35:15",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T11:35:15",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T11:35:16",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulmap/pull/944",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "requests": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-27T20:39:14",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-27T20:39:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/967",
      "number": 967,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/967",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Updates thesis factory bib id to get passing tests",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-27T22:55:07",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-27T22:55:07",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-27T22:55:07",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/967",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:20",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/968",
      "number": 968,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/968",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adding refreshed thesis fixture to cassettes.",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T02:17:20",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T12:06:44",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T12:06:44",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T12:06:44",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T12:06:48",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/968",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:29:44",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T14:29:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/970",
      "number": 970,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "ActionController::UnfilteredParameters: unable to convert unpermitted parameters to hash",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:29:52",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:37:26",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T14:37:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/971",
      "number": 971,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Resource Sharing Requests Should provide Research Sharing Options",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T13:29:14",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T13:29:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/969",
      "number": 969,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/969",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Changing numismatics location to new alma location rare$num ",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:29:49",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:30:17",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:30:59",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:45:03",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:45:03",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:45:04",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:47:20",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/969",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-26T03:55:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-26T03:55:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/957",
      "number": 957,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Migrate Numismatics Tests to utilize stubbed requests rather than VCR",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T15:02:13",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:41:24",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-26T03:55:37",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-26T03:55:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/956",
      "number": 956,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Migrate Thesis tests to utilize stubbed requests rather than VCR",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T17:41:42",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:32:21",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-17T20:11:06",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-17T20:11:06",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/933",
      "number": 933,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Port Voyager Hold Request to Alma Hold Request",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2021-05-28T18:34:25",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/933#issuecomment-850596504",
          "body": "fixed by https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/573"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T18:34:25",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:29:17",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T19:29:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/972",
      "number": 972,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/972",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Changing clancy base to come from config instead of environment variable",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:54:54",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:54:54",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T19:54:54",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/972",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-06T14:02:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-06T14:02:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/922",
      "number": 922,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/922",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Alma",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/pull/922",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "vireo_transformation": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:28:49",
      "updated_at": "2021-05-28T14:28:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/67",
      "number": 67,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Imported works are in the wrong workflow step ",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:28:49",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2021-05-28T14:28:53",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 85,
    "closed_count": 19,
    "created_count": 14,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 17,
    "pull_request_open_count": 6,
    "updated_count": 29,
    "today": "2021-05-28T22:00:07",
    "yesterday": "2021-05-27T22:00:07"
  }
}