{
  "DSS": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:27:47",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T21:27:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/353",
      "number": 353,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Unable to scroll on countries facet modal",
      "user_name": "ishasinha1",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:27:47",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:30:51",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T21:30:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/354",
      "number": 354,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Buttons throughout the interface need design work",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:30:51",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:38:34",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:45:12",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T21:45:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/355",
      "number": 355,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Search bar should be lined up visually with the mathematical header",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:45:12",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:45:12",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:46:35",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T21:46:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS/issues/356",
      "number": 356,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/DSS",
      "repository_name": "DSS",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Send email and SMS buttons do not work",
      "user_name": "ishasinha1",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:46:35",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "Ruby-RSpecCheckpoint": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:44:58",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T14:44:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/Ruby-RSpecCheckpoint/pull/4",
      "number": 4,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/Ruby-RSpecCheckpoint/pull/4",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/Ruby-RSpecCheckpoint",
      "repository_name": "Ruby-RSpecCheckpoint",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "RSpec Project Third Part",
      "user_name": "inieinie",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "inieinie",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T16:32:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/Ruby-RSpecCheckpoint/pull/4#issuecomment-1636101098",
          "body": "done."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:32:00",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:32:41",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:32:41",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:32:41",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:32:52",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/Ruby-RSpecCheckpoint/pull/4",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "aspace_helpers": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-06-22T13:31:17",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-22T13:31:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/397",
      "number": 397,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Automate sending Items to ReCAP",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-13T22:11:44",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/397#issuecomment-1634984136",
          "body": "Some preliminary considerations to discuss with DACS and Alma teams:\r\n1. Alma currently only has item records for SC ReCAP collections, not for everything.\r\n2. We are currently not sending items as part of the nightly aspace2alma. \r\n3. To automate this process, we would need to modify the nightly process to include items. Question: would we want to *only* include the ReCAP locations? Probably.\r\n4. Because Alma doesn't reject duplicate barcodes that come in as part of an import job, we need to front-load a deduplication process. (Let's triple-check this. It is too stupid to be true.)\r\n5. The silver lining is that everything that is going to ReCAP must be barcoded, so the deduplication can safely be done on barcode, even if Alma doesn't do it for us.\r\n6. As @mzelesky suggests, we could run an export job for SC items in ReCAP locations that gets uploaded to lib-sftp. Question: what would be the failsafe in case the items export job or upload to lib-sftp fails? (An outdated file on lib-sftp would result in a duplicate items upload to Alma because it would not reflect items that have been imported to Alma in the meantime.) We need some sort of \"burn after reading\" mechanism.\r\n7. The aspace2alma job would then have to grab the file from there first, dedupe on barcode, and send back to lib-sftp only the items not found in Alma. Failsafe could be that it doesn't find a file, it exits.\r\n9. On the Alma end, we need to set the (currently manual) import job to run on a schedule"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T14:04:27",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/397#issuecomment-1635897758",
          "body": "Concerns (notes from meeting with @mzelesky ):\r\n1. will barcodes change before sending to ReCAP?\r\n2. Stakeholders should meet with Marie to make sure that isn't the case\r\n3. We will use a publishing profile to get item information from Alma\r\n4. We will use an import profile to import data to Alma\r\n5. Preprocessing could involve looking at the published report\r\n6. For matches that are found, we may need to keep track of the item id\r\n7. failsafe: when processed, rename the file\r\n8. should this really be nightly? or weekly? the publishing job runs for 4 hours\r\n9. how will this project fit into the ReCAPping quotas?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T14:04:03",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/397#issuecomment-1635912955",
          "body": "@mzelesky has created a draft publishing job in the Sandbox.\r\n\r\nItems to possibly tweak include\r\n- [ ] MARC fields\r\n- [ ] a subdirectory within aspace\r\n- [ ] do we need to keep track of identifiers in the end?\r\n\r\n(there may be more)\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T18:15:12",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/397#issuecomment-1636216678",
          "body": "@mzelesky : From @jmeyer4 \r\n\r\nResponse from Marie:  \"As far as the project goes as long as I am in the loop in regard to amount of carts to send and when, all is good.\r\nFor the barcode issue, we only change the barcode on items that have NO barcode on front cover. I think Mark was thinking of items that are being withdrawn from ReCAP for one reason or another. For those we routinely change the barcode to not create confusion in the future, but that wouldn’t be the case for your project.  Hope this clears that up.\""
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-13T22:11:45",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-13T22:11:45",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:04:03",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:04:03",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:04:28",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:04:28",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:15:12",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:15:12",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:15:12",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:15:12",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-10-08T19:31:25",
      "updated_at": "2021-10-08T19:31:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1692",
      "number": 1692,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Extract Augment the Subject and Change the Subject into a gem",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T12:43:02",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1692#issuecomment-1635809958",
          "body": "Closing for now, since ChangeTheSubject is now in [its own gem](https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject).\r\n\r\nWhen we have a specific use case for converting the AugmentTheSubject work into a gem, we can open a new ticket, and have the discussions about how to make it work best for the use case (e.g. whether it should be its own gem, or the same gem as ChangeTheSubject)."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:43:02",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:12:08",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T15:12:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/2187",
      "number": 2187,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "650 Indigenous Languages aren't always adding the correct facet ",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:12:08",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "M Chen",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:12:08",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "M Chen",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:12:08",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:13:14",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-05-05T18:59:54",
      "updated_at": "2023-05-05T18:59:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/2151",
      "number": 2151,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update list of indigenous languages",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "M Chen",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T15:21:19",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/2151#issuecomment-1545883815",
          "body": "Moved this a bug issue: https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/2187\n\nI did find some odd cases where bibs should be tagged as \"Indigenous Languages (Western Hemisphere)\" but are not. \n\nFirst, it looks as though **$v Texts** is not working properly.\n\nAmong the results of [Algonquian languages—Texts](https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/?f[subject_facet][]=Algonquian+languages%E2%80%94Texts) (19)\n[6 records](https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog?utf8=%E2%9C%93&f%5Bsubject_facet%5D%5B%5D=Algonquian+languages%E2%80%94Texts&f1=all_fields&q1=&op2=NOT&f2=all_fields&q2=%22Indigenous+Languages+%28Western+Hemisphere%29%22&op3=AND&f3=title&q3=&range%5Bpub_date_start_sort%5D%5Bbegin%5D=&range%5Bpub_date_start_sort%5D%5Bend%5D=&sort=score+desc%2C+pub_date_start_sort+desc%2C+title_sort+asc&search_field=advanced&commit=Search\n) are not tagged\n\nNone of [Apache languages—Texts](https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/?f[subject_facet][]=Apache+languages%E2%80%94Texts) (3) is tagged.\n\nAmong the results of [Zapotec language—Texts](https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/?f[subject_facet][]=Zapotec+language%E2%80%94Texts) (42)\n[7 records](https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog?utf8=%E2%9C%93&f%5Bsubject_facet%5D%5B%5D=Zapotec+language%E2%80%94Texts&f1=all_fields&q1=&op2=NOT&f2=all_fields&q2=%22Indigenous+Languages+%28Western+Hemisphere%29%22&op3=AND&f3=title&q3=&range%5Bpub_date_start_sort%5D%5Bbegin%5D=&range%5Bpub_date_start_sort%5D%5Bend%5D=&sort=score+desc%2C+pub_date_start_sort+desc%2C+title_sort+asc&search_field=advanced&commit=Search) are not tagged\n\nNow I know Blacklight does not distinguish between $v Texts and $x Texts, and for our tagging interest we are only interested in the former, but spot-checking found plenty of $v Texts in there.\n\nOr take a look at the title [_Bitter water: Diné oral histories of the Navajo-Hopi land dispute_](https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog?utf8=%E2%9C%93&sort=score+desc%2C+pub_date_start_sort+desc%2C+title_sort+asc&f1=all_fields&f3=title&op3=AND&q1=&q3=&range%5Bpub_date_start_sort%5D%5Bbegin%5D=&range%5Bpub_date_start_sort%5D%5Bend%5D=&search_field=left_anchor&q=Bitter+water+Dine%CC%81) (4 records)\nAll four have the identical string 650 #0 a| Navajo language v| Texts.\nBut only the three with **041 a| nav** are tagged. (One of them is a Harvard copy. I visited [hollis.harvard.edu](https://hollis.harvard.edu/primo-explore/sourceRecord?vid=HVD2&docId=01HVD_ALMA212143122110003941) to find its source marc record)\nMMSID [99125348431306421](https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog?utf8=%E2%9C%93&search_field=all_fields&q=99125348431306421) has **041 a| eng** only, and is not tagged as Indigenous Languages.\n\nSecond, my analysis also exposes some encoding errors in the 041 fields of bib records. Lumped constructions like\n\n- 041 $a algeng\n- 041 $a engspanah\n\nmay be found in older records (and I suspect a higher presence in SCSB records), and would be skipped by the tagging project. \nWould it be possible to loosen up the matching criteria a tiny bit to scoop up such records as well?\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:36:22",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T17:36:22",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5903",
      "number": 5903,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Migrate to Postgres 15",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:36:42",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:36:43",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "imagecat-rails": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-13T23:48:04",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-13T23:48:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails/pull/109",
      "number": 109,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails/pull/109",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails",
      "repository_name": "imagecat-rails",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump semver from 5.7.1 to 5.7.2",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-13T23:48:05",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-13T23:48:05",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/imagecat-rails/pull/109",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "lib_jobs": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-07T22:05:35",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-07T22:05:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/554",
      "number": 554,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create Job to Run Alma PulBibNorm as part of OCLC Data Sync",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-23T16:42:30",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-23T16:42:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/396",
      "number": 396,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create Jobs to support data sync between OCLC and Alma",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "rladdusaw",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T14:57:34",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/396#issuecomment-1635986268",
          "body": "Sketch to convert into Mermaid diagram![Screenshot 2023-07-14 at 9.56.31 AM.png](https://images.zenhubusercontent.com/62a79219df87bc0ebda700f8/9398f96c-c5a6-436d-9c5e-0b080b886bfc)"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-07T21:56:40",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-07T21:56:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/553",
      "number": 553,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Job to Process OCLC Data Sync Exception report",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-10-07T17:26:57",
      "updated_at": "2021-10-07T17:26:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/issues/249",
      "number": 249,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Job to handle OCLC Data Sync Bib Processed Report",
      "user_name": "mzelesky",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-06-28T19:17:19",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-28T19:17:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/536",
      "number": 536,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/536",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SCSB Submit collection",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/536",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-11T14:22:01",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-11T14:22:01",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/559",
      "number": 559,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/559",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "I234 slips by lc call number",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/559",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_describe": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-13T18:47:55",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-13T18:47:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1326",
      "number": 1326,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1326",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Changing the test to hopefully be more stable",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T12:13:01",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1326#issuecomment-1635775802",
          "body": "I'm converting this to a draft because it did not fix my other branch."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:12:34",
          "type": "convert_to_draft"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1326",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-13T19:55:19",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-13T19:55:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/1329",
      "number": 1329,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Unknown user displayed in change history",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Hector Correa",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T14:00:01",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/1329#issuecomment-1635907787",
          "body": "I wonder if the issue was introduced in this PR: https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1317/files - I said that because the issue is new-ish and the code in this PR references UNKNOWN_USER, not because I had debug the issue/code."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-06-28T18:26:23",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-28T18:26:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/1293",
      "number": 1293,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Creator field display changes & Help Text",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:11:54",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:11:54",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:02:25",
          "type": "reopened"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:15:09",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:35:53",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:24:00",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:15:56",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:27:13",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:52:30",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T13:53:58",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T13:53:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1332",
      "number": 1332,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1332",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Update instructions and rake task to not use pre_curation_uploads",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:14:40",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:14:40",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:14:40",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:14:41",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1332",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T13:50:25",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T13:50:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1331",
      "number": 1331,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1331",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Removing unused method add_pre_curation_s3_object",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T13:55:47",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:22:37",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:22:37",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:22:37",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:22:38",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1331",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:01:20",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T15:01:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1334",
      "number": 1334,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1334",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Moving the controller to utilize the new deleted_file_* format",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:18:52",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:38:12",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:38:12",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:38:12",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:38:13",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1334",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-12T15:34:29",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-12T15:34:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/1313",
      "number": 1313,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Complete button should be present for submitters and group admins",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:47:07",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:50:07",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T17:50:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1335",
      "number": 1335,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1335",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Extending S3QueryService#client invocations of #get_object with #get_object_attributes for S3 Object metadata",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1335",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T13:56:54",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T13:56:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1333",
      "number": 1333,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1333",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Removing pre_curation_uploads from work_controller_spec",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:12:30",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:35:28",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:38:19",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1333",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-13T15:33:19",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-13T15:33:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1322",
      "number": 1322,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1322",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Added a class to the required star to make it more visible",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T16:10:14",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1322#issuecomment-1636074700",
          "body": "OMG!  Ok, so after a bit of digging it is the change in the `app/assets/stylesheets/application.scss` that is breaking the test.  I removed that change and the tests went green...  I'll do some more digging"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T18:39:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1322#issuecomment-1636249636",
          "body": "Ok, so after digging into this further making the stars bugger in the table header are messing with the drag and drop in some way."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:11:54",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:12:04",
          "type": "convert_to_draft"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:15:10",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:35:54",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:24:00",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:15:56",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:27:13",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:52:30",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/1322",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-12T14:34:35",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-12T14:34:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/1312",
      "number": 1312,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Describe Form: Ability to select multiple licenses",
      "user_name": "Hannah H",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hannah H",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T19:23:48",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_discovery": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-06-30T19:31:37",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-30T19:31:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/447",
      "number": 447,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/447",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery",
      "repository_name": "pdc_discovery",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Indexes domain field from PDC Describe",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:16:59",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:16:59",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:16:59",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T14:17:00",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/447",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:47:15",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T15:47:15",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/issues/451",
      "number": 451,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery",
      "repository_name": "pdc_discovery",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Enabled PDC Describe indexing",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:47:37",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T15:47:40",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:47:08",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T16:47:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/452",
      "number": 452,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/452",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery",
      "repository_name": "pdc_discovery",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Index community and subcommunity information from PDC Describe",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:47:56",
          "type": "convert_to_draft"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/pull/452",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-06-30T18:46:58",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-30T18:46:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4041",
      "number": 4041,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4041",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[Bibdata] Add datadog nginx status check",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T19:42:50",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4041",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-27T15:20:50",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-27T15:20:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2227",
      "number": 2227,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Nginxplus should pass through the error status code provided by the upstream server instead of a generic 200.",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T20:32:29",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2227#issuecomment-1636404519",
          "body": "We ran into this challenge again with the recent outage of the approvals site. If we can't pass the underlying error through, can we at least pass something that's not a 200? Even a 500 error would be an improvement."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T22:20:14",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T22:20:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4067",
      "number": 4067,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4067",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update solr configs",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4067",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-15T01:23:07",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-15T01:23:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4068",
      "number": 4068,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4068",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump cryptography from 41.0.0 to 41.0.2",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T01:23:08",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4068",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pul-it-handbook": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-13T17:29:34",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-13T17:29:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook/pull/192",
      "number": 192,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook/pull/192",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook",
      "repository_name": "pul-it-handbook",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "adds details from our recent Solr issues",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:05:50",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:05:51",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:05:51",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T16:05:52",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul-it-handbook/pull/192",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pul_library_drupal": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-03-22T18:30:07",
      "updated_at": "2023-03-22T18:30:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/issues/1984",
      "number": 1984,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal",
      "repository_name": "pul_library_drupal",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Migrate Mendel Valva Sheet Music Content Type List",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T14:58:45",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/issues/1984#issuecomment-1635987829",
          "body": "We meet with Mendel staff on Monday about this. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-02-02T18:36:20",
      "updated_at": "2023-02-02T18:36:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1221",
      "number": 1221,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Online Content icons not appearing for some components",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T00:42:16",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-05-03T14:24:09",
      "updated_at": "2022-05-03T14:24:09",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1050",
      "number": 1050,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Make mockup for more clarity on the grouped collection results",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T12:16:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1050#issuecomment-1635779959",
          "body": "I like the icons just find the specific ones we have now a bit confusting. I agree that testing would be helpful and maybe a key (guide) somewhere would be good.\r\nOverall I think the design is clearer and I asked one other PS person what they thought and they agreed it was more clear. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-22T17:37:19",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-22T17:37:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154",
      "number": 1154,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add location information to each item in the Request Cart",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T12:26:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154#issuecomment-1635790414",
          "body": "For Firestone and Mudd let's link to this - https://library.princeton.edu/special-collections/visit-us\r\nEngineering - https://library.princeton.edu/engineering\r\nPPL - honestly I am feeling a bit dumb because I can't figure out where we should be directing people.\r\nRECAP And Annex B - @faithc do you have a suggestion for this? Both are physical locations that cannot be accessed. Maybe those just don't have a link?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T13:52:20",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154#issuecomment-1635896871",
          "body": "I don't think Plasma Physics is a repo/location. It seems that collections related to plasma physics are part of UA or Engineering. \r\n\r\nAnother repo/location is the East Asian Library. It looks like the lone collection associated with that repository, EA01, is at ReCAP. \r\n\r\nAre there collections at Annex B? \r\n\r\nIt also makes sense to me for ReCAP and Annex B to not have a link. Can the location name for both be something like \"Offsite storage facility\"?\r\n\r\nDo we think links in general are necessary here?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T14:37:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154#issuecomment-1635959745",
          "body": "I think links for Firestone and Mudd are useful. I also think keeping the names of Annex and Recap are helpful for staff but just not a link.\r\nAre EA items circulated at firestone then keeping that not a link makes sence to me.\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T15:27:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154#issuecomment-1636024073",
          "body": "I'm not sure if EA01 would be viewed at Firestone, but I think associating it with that location for now should be sufficient. Should this also then get the https://library.princeton.edu/special-collections/visit-us link? "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T16:41:24",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154#issuecomment-1636110439",
          "body": "I think that is the safest option. I have also just added a link on that page to the ask us form so people can get to us if needed"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T17:23:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154#issuecomment-1636160333",
          "body": "I'm hearing:\r\n\r\nFirestone Library -  https://library.princeton.edu/special-collections/visit-us\r\nMudd Manuscript Library - https://library.princeton.edu/special-collections/visit-us\r\nReCAP - No Link\r\nAnnex B - No Link\r\nEngineering Library - https://library.princeton.edu/special-collections/visit-us\r\nPPPL - No link, and probably won't show up anywhere.\r\n\r\nRIght?\r\n\r\nSo it's either visit special collections or nothing."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T17:37:02",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1154#issuecomment-1636175027",
          "body": "Engineering should be https://library.princeton.edu/engineering.\r\nEA should be https://library.princeton.edu/special-collections/visit-us (for now)."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:26:06",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T12:26:06",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-18T20:36:49",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-18T20:36:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/497",
      "number": 497,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Export component-level access note as part of requesting functionality",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-14T17:29:15",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/497#issuecomment-1636166518",
          "body": "Based on what I saw with some items in ACLU today in Aeon I would say yes it is working."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T17:58:37",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-10-29T16:42:10",
      "updated_at": "2021-10-29T16:42:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/922",
      "number": 922,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Names for bioghistnotes are only displaying the primary part of name, should display the \"sort name\"",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Shaun Ellis",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:01:57",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T00:36:32",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T00:36:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1286",
      "number": 1286,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1286",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add userestrict and custodhist to component display.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:08:56",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:08:56",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:08:56",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:08:57",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1286",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-03-10T21:14:11",
      "updated_at": "2023-03-10T21:14:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1230",
      "number": 1230,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Conditions Governing Use note display",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T00:36:23",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:08:57",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-08-29T16:17:49",
      "updated_at": "2022-08-29T16:17:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1115",
      "number": 1115,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "custodial history not displaying in component records",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T00:36:23",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T18:08:58",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-14T19:11:52",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-14T19:11:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1287",
      "number": 1287,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1287",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add library building to search results breadcrumbs",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T19:57:39",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T19:57:51",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T20:57:58",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T21:27:49",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T22:02:29",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T22:02:29",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T22:02:29",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T22:02:30",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1287",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-05-03T14:24:48",
      "updated_at": "2022-05-03T14:24:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1051",
      "number": 1051,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add library location to breadcrumbs in search results, show page",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-14T22:02:31",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-13T20:26:17",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-13T20:26:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1284",
      "number": 1284,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1284",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Request Cart Location Info",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-15T00:24:08",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1284#issuecomment-1636581631",
          "body": "<img width=\"1083\" alt=\"Screenshot 2023-07-14 at 5 23 48 PM\" src=\"https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/assets/2806645/635bd822-40f7-42a7-8ed3-f19cdc6fe289\">\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:21:54",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:26:28",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1284",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-12T21:49:57",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-12T21:49:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1282",
      "number": 1282,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Formatting issues with online access banner",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:36:41",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-06T21:38:47",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-06T21:38:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1264",
      "number": 1264,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Production log grows too fast",
      "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:37:25",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "vm-builds": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:53:36",
      "updated_at": "2023-07-15T00:53:36",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/11",
      "number": 11,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/11",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds",
      "repository_name": "vm-builds",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump cryptography from 39.0.1 to 41.0.2",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:53:37",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/11",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-06-02T20:13:15",
      "updated_at": "2023-06-02T20:13:15",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/10",
      "number": 10,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/10",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds",
      "repository_name": "vm-builds",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Bump cryptography from 39.0.1 to 41.0.0",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
          "updated_at": "2023-07-15T00:53:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/10#issuecomment-1636595548",
          "body": "Superseded by #11."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:53:39",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2023-07-15T00:53:41",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vm-builds/pull/10",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 52,
    "closed_count": 7,
    "created_count": 7,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 9,
    "pull_request_open_count": 13,
    "updated_count": 16,
    "today": "2023-07-14T22:00:04",
    "yesterday": "2023-07-13T22:00:04"
  }
}