{
  "aspace_helpers": [
    {
      "created_at": "2020-12-01T21:05:37",
      "updated_at": "2020-12-01T21:05:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/181",
      "number": 181,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Generating MARC records from C0140 EAD component records/archival objects in Resource records ",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T10:43:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/181#issuecomment-1246581208",
          "body": "This is done"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T10:43:51",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-06-23T20:54:25",
      "updated_at": "2022-06-23T20:54:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/pull/227",
      "number": 227,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/pull/227",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "construct MARC record from C0140 ASpace component",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "regineheberlein",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T12:47:01",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/pull/227#issuecomment-1246714408",
          "body": "Note: the latest revert is due to some last-minute strategizing with the archivists that's now going to be approached via an indexing proposal"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:24:30",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:24:30",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:24:30",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:24:31",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/pull/227",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-13T17:34:10",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-13T17:34:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/256",
      "number": 256,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "report on presence of 600/610 ind2=7 \"viaf\" and \"local\" in Alma",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:10:44",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-08-11T13:41:20",
      "updated_at": "2022-08-11T13:41:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/issues/239",
      "number": 239,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "box label transformation should also handle folders that are top containers",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:11:29",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:12:55",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:12:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/pull/257",
      "number": 257,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/pull/257",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers",
      "repository_name": "aspace_helpers",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Items",
      "user_name": "regineheberlein",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/aspace_helpers/pull/257",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-08-22T13:35:19",
      "updated_at": "2022-08-22T13:35:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1959",
      "number": 1959,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Error Message: ActiveRecord::StatementInvalid in rake bibdata:indexing:poll_sqs",
      "user_name": "rladdusaw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T14:56:20",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T13:33:50",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T13:33:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1993",
      "number": 1993,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1993",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Added action notes to index",
      "user_name": "rladdusaw",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1993",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-13T13:20:07",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-13T13:20:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1992",
      "number": 1992,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1992",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add fields for uniform title-only display",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T16:00:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1992#issuecomment-1246981763",
          "body": "> \r\n\r\nTo avoid confusion, I think @maxkadel is referring to the traject log errors referencing rare locations that are not in bibdata because they are in an experimenting stage in the alma sandbox. The records that have holdings in these locations will not get indexed. I'm assuming some of the mmsids that @maxkadel is referencing for testing are in these locations so don't expect to see them getting indexed in catalog-staging."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T16:00:40",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1992#issuecomment-1246982345",
          "body": "> Disregard any location issues - it's an unrelated issue with experimenting with rare book locations in the Alma sandbox.\r\n\r\nTo avoid confusion, I think @maxkadel is referring to the traject log errors referencing rare locations that are not in bibdata because they are in an experimenting stage in the alma sandbox. The records that have holdings in these locations will not get indexed. I'm assuming some of the mmsids that @maxkadel is referencing for testing are in these locations so don't expect to see them getting indexed in catalog-staging."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Max Kadel",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T16:08:06",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1992#issuecomment-1246991639",
          "body": "Some of the locations are also displaying strangely, which I believe is because of the locations experimentation as well, rather than this code."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T16:00:12",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T16:00:12",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T16:00:40",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T16:00:40",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1992",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T15:59:42",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T15:59:42",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1994",
      "number": 1994,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Extract change_the_subject configuration, support class to separate gem",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T17:42:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1994#issuecomment-1246995801",
          "body": "An alternative is to extract the `change_the_subject.yml` file and support classes into a gem. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:30:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1994#issuecomment-1247212034",
          "body": "new gem in progress here https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:41:53",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-12T23:18:46",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-12T23:18:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1991",
      "number": 1991,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1991",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "i1841: CJK transliterations in browse list",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2022-09-13T22:27:07",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2022-09-13T22:52:35",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:34:28",
          "type": "deployed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1991",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "change_the_subject": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:16:45",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:16:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject/pull/1",
      "number": 1,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject/pull/1",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject",
      "repository_name": "change_the_subject",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Configure circleci to run on ruby 2.7.5 and 3.0.0",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:16:55",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:16:55",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:16:55",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:17:19",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject/pull/1",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:26:48",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:26:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject/pull/2",
      "number": 2,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject/pull/2",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject",
      "repository_name": "change_the_subject",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add classes and tests from bibdata",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T21:35:00",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T21:35:51",
          "type": "renamed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/change_the_subject/pull/2",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:45:23",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T17:45:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5425",
      "number": 5425,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5425",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Always return \"unauthorized\" for Reading Room resources.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:03:48",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5425#issuecomment-1247125397",
          "body": "Nice! I feared this would be more complicated."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:03:53",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:03:53",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:03:53",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:03:54",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/5425",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-04-07T20:19:31",
      "updated_at": "2022-04-07T20:19:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/5050",
      "number": 5050,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Figgy should synchronize finding aid data that hasn't yet been published in aspace",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:47:19",
          "type": "reopened"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "lockers_and_study_spaces": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:51:21",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T12:51:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces/issues/101",
      "number": 101,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "repository_name": "lockers_and_study_spaces",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "ActiveRecord::RecordNotUnique: PG::UniqueViolation: ERROR: duplicate key value violates unique constraint \"index_users_on_uid\" DETAIL: Key (uid)=(kbc) already exists.",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-09T15:00:33",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-09T15:00:33",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3187",
      "number": 3187,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Items on reserve should not display as requestable. ",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:28:58",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T15:42:51",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T15:42:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3192",
      "number": 3192,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Call number browse unable to find oversize CD call numbers",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-09T16:20:01",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-09T16:20:01",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3188",
      "number": 3188,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Alma Affliate patron groups should only be able to use certain request types",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "mzelesky",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T17:13:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3188#issuecomment-1247068820",
          "body": "From the 9/14 Circ meeting: the GST Guest Patron patron group (code GST) should also be included in groups that have these limited request options."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "mzelesky",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T17:15:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3188#issuecomment-1247072241",
          "body": "These 3 patron groups should also be able to request Marquand off-site materials."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T17:22:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3188#issuecomment-1247079364",
          "body": "These restrictions/abilities should not depend on how the user logs in (alma login vs CAS).  There is a mix of login types within these patron groups.\r\n\r\nPatrons may change their patron group throughout the year (for example, if a staff member retires)."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:17:28",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T20:17:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3194",
      "number": 3194,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3194",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Reserve items should not be requestable, even if holding has requestable items",
      "user_name": "Max Kadel",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T20:24:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3194#issuecomment-1247263894",
          "body": "Thanks for taking a look at this one @maxkadel. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:17:34",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:24:22",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Max Kadel",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:24:22",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/3194",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T21:47:12",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T21:47:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3195",
      "number": 3195,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Catalog record with more than one manifests in figgy displays one viewer",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T21:47:12",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:03:44",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:03:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3193",
      "number": 3193,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "In the Available Online section update the display link for finding aids records",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:03:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:03:45",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_describe": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-13T14:30:18",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-13T14:30:18",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/407",
      "number": 407,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/407",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adding the ability to Create the Dataset with a DOI",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T11:47:48",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:09:49",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:11:03",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:16:13",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:16:34",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:30:52",
          "type": "deployed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:41:31",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:41:32",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:41:32",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:41:33",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/407",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-09T19:43:32",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-09T19:43:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/402",
      "number": 402,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/402",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Publishing the ADR for the discussions and decisions made regarding the storage services used for files attached to Works",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T13:05:05",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/402",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-07T12:09:05",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-07T12:09:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/386",
      "number": 386,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "When I add files in S3 they never show up",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T13:27:00",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/386#issuecomment-1246764995",
          "body": "> When I show a work I should see all the files in S3 and only the files that are in S3 (aka if one is removed we should also remove it)\r\n\r\nIf this is the case for files in S3 for Works which are in the `post-curation` state, and we are not using ActiveStorage with S3 for `post-curation` Work files, then these will be deleted by the `S3` Ruby client, yes?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T12:38:33",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T12:38:33",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/408",
      "number": 408,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/408",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ensuring that the development environment uploads only to the file system for ActiveStorage and that S3 Objects for pre-curation Works persist properly before validation",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T13:46:53",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T15:18:00",
          "type": "deployed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/pull/408",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-12T20:54:19",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-12T20:54:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/406",
      "number": 406,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Install the new Globus trust root by December 12",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:06:35",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/406#issuecomment-1247128560",
          "body": "Francis created a ticket for this in princeton-ansible https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3326"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-05-16T13:29:35",
      "updated_at": "2022-05-16T13:29:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/120",
      "number": 120,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Describe Form: Datacite 4.4 (Mandatory Properties)",
      "user_name": "Hannah H",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:11:27",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/120#issuecomment-1247133418",
          "body": "We believe that this ticket can be closed as the required metadata for Datacite can be entered and additional metadata fields will be ticketed separately."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:11:27",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-06-27T13:50:44",
      "updated_at": "2022-06-27T13:50:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/181",
      "number": 181,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Describe Form: Search Feature (Admin/Curator Dashboard)",
      "user_name": "Hannah H",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:14:53",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/181#issuecomment-1247136683",
          "body": "duplicate of #205"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:14:54",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-07-06T15:51:12",
      "updated_at": "2022-07-06T15:51:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/205",
      "number": 205,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Curator dashboard - search feature",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:15:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/205#issuecomment-1247136980",
          "body": "See Closed #205 for wireframe"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-06-27T19:08:33",
      "updated_at": "2022-06-27T19:08:33",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/182",
      "number": 182,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "ResourceType and resourceTypeGeneral",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:22:32",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/182#issuecomment-1247143949",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/RDSS-Workcycles-61a4f1a12a399b001730f65a/issues/pulibrary/pdc_describe/182?planning-poker) with Zenhub @jrgriffiniii @hectorcorrea"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:22:32",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:22:32",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:22:32",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:22:32",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-06-28T19:29:41",
      "updated_at": "2022-06-28T19:29:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/191",
      "number": 191,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Dataset owner",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:26:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/191#issuecomment-1247147405",
          "body": "@bess Do you believe this will be required for migration?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:26:13",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:26:13",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-07-08T13:40:35",
      "updated_at": "2022-07-08T13:40:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/211",
      "number": 211,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Sort by last edited",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:29:41",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/211#issuecomment-1247150860",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/RDSS-Workcycles-61a4f1a12a399b001730f65a/issues/pulibrary/pdc_describe/211?planning-poker) with Zenhub @hectorcorrea @jrgriffiniii"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:27:42",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:29:42",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:29:42",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:29:42",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:29:42",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-08-26T20:15:16",
      "updated_at": "2022-08-26T20:15:16",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/340",
      "number": 340,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "S3 Directories should not show in the file list",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:36:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/340#issuecomment-1247157849",
          "body": "Is this still occurring?  We can not tell until #386 is advanced."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:34:28",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:34:49",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-08T17:56:33",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-08T17:56:33",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/396",
      "number": 396,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Document process for setting up account for a non-Princeton affiliate for PDC access",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-08T17:53:04",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-08T17:53:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/395",
      "number": 395,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Ensure non-Princeton users have access",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:37:33",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:37:33",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:47:38",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:47:38",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/410",
      "number": 410,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add a alphabetical directory sort on files on show and edit",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:47:59",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/410#issuecomment-1247170109",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/RDSS-Workcycles-61a4f1a12a399b001730f65a/issues/pulibrary/pdc_describe/410?planning-poker) with Zenhub @hectorcorrea @jrgriffiniii"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:47:59",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:47:59",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:47:59",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:47:59",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-12T20:29:24",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-12T20:29:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/405",
      "number": 405,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Remove Ordering from Dataset Edit Page",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:49:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/405#issuecomment-1247171217",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/RDSS-Workcycles-61a4f1a12a399b001730f65a/issues/pulibrary/pdc_describe/405?planning-poker) with Zenhub @hectorcorrea @jrgriffiniii"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:49:05",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:49:05",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:49:05",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:49:05",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T13:42:25",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T13:42:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/409",
      "number": 409,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Clean out PDC Describe Production to prep for data migration",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:54:40",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/409#issuecomment-1247176393",
          "body": "@bess When does Step #9 in https://github.com/pulibrary/rdss-handbook/blob/main/globus.md#making-a-new-s3-bucket happen?  Aka should it happen before the migration or are we migrating the files one at a time?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:55:12",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/409#issuecomment-1247176987",
          "body": "Hey team! Please [add your planning poker estimate](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/RDSS-Workcycles-61a4f1a12a399b001730f65a/issues/pulibrary/pdc_describe/409?planning-poker) with Zenhub @hectorcorrea @jrgriffiniii"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:54:40",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:54:40",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:55:13",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:55:13",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:55:13",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:55:13",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-07T12:33:25",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-07T12:33:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/388",
      "number": 388,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "When a work has an existing DOI, redirect it",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:27:47",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/388#issuecomment-1247209366",
          "body": "I did some testing of updating with items in our DOI prefix and items not in our DOI prefix (most if not all of the PPPL DOIs).  We do not have permission to update the DOIs with a new URL in a prefix that we do not own.\n\nI saw responses like \n```\nYou are not authorized to access this resource\n```"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Chun Ly",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:30:38",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/388#issuecomment-1247212296",
          "body": "> I did some testing of updating with items in our DOI prefix and items not in our DOI prefix (most if not all of the PPPL DOIs). We do not have permission to update the DOIs with a new URL in a prefix that we do not own.\r\n> \r\n> I saw responses like\r\n> \r\n> ```\r\n> You are not authorized to access this resource\r\n> ```\r\n\r\nI'm not surprised. It may be best to use the DOI prefix (`10.?????/`) in your logical statement before doing so.\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-13T17:07:54",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-13T17:07:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3328",
      "number": 3328,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "can we mirror geoserver?",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T20:13:48",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/3328#issuecomment-1247254003",
          "body": "Related to #3292."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:55:51",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:55:51",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3331",
      "number": 3331,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3331",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "get a 303 redirect to the new pemm website",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:01:11",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:18:03",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:18:03",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:18:03",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T20:18:03",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3331",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-13T21:18:46",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-13T21:18:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3330",
      "number": 3330,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3330",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "updates all bare 'include' statements to 'include_tasks'",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T18:32:36",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3330#issuecomment-1247154253",
          "body": "Current failure is `\"AnsibleUndefinedVariable: {{ vault_ojs_site_adminname }}: 'vault_ojs_site_adminname' is undefined\"`. But I've looked in group_vars and that vault variable does exist. Do we need to load the group_vars explicitly?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:44:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3330#issuecomment-1247225544",
          "body": "Note for Future Us: the problem turned out to be that the default variables in the role were pointing to the vaulted variables. We do not decrypt vaulted variables in CI, so the tests were failing because some variables were not defined. The solution here was to provide fake values in the role's `defaults/main.yml` file for use in CI. The playbook pulls in `group_vars` and those files point to the vaulted variables. See, for example, [this line](https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/blob/d5bb4fc6bb44047502062cb65e154b443136cfa8/group_vars/ojs/main.yml#L22)."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/3330",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-05-03T14:53:59",
      "updated_at": "2022-05-03T14:53:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1053",
      "number": 1053,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Show Online content icons on search results page",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T16:14:52",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-06-14T16:57:17",
      "updated_at": "2022-06-14T16:57:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1088",
      "number": 1088,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "create an LCSH masking mechanism as in \"Change the Subject\"",
      "user_name": "phoebeno",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T17:41:10",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1088#issuecomment-1246967644",
          "body": "Here's how it's done in orangelight:\r\nhttps://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/blob/7c3e63c479ac2f9c8a59b53cfdbe878763ecf5bf/marc_to_solr/lib/traject_config.rb#L810-L832\r\n\r\nAnd the support class:\r\nhttps://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/blob/38405f611eccbdcc703b68ca91f4f0b79a7dd08e/marc_to_solr/lib/change_the_subject.rb\r\n\r\nThe config file (also linked above) is yaml:\r\nhttps://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/blob/6630d8cadbfb8acd8a34aff7664e8821acb313d6/marc_to_solr/lib/change_the_subject/change_the_subject.yml\r\n\r\nProposed implementation:\r\n- [ ] Do pulibrary/bibdata#1994\r\n- [ ] decide on a new field where we'll store the archaic / replaced terms\r\n- [ ] indexing test to make sure new field gets populated\r\n- [ ] indexing test to make sure archaic terms are no longer included in field that's displayed, and replacement terms are included\r\n- [ ] search test to make sure the result still comes up when the archaic term is used."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T15:57:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1088#issuecomment-1246978902",
          "body": "The relevant field in pulfalight is called `subject_terms_ssim`\r\n\r\nThere's also a field called `access_subjects_ssim` which comes from upstream arclight. I don't think this field is relevant here but I'm not sure what it is exactly. Related arclight issues / PRs:\r\n- https://github.com/projectblacklight/arclight/issues/469\r\n- https://github.com/projectblacklight/arclight/pull/593\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T15:31:08",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T16:15:07",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-07-08T20:19:34",
      "updated_at": "2022-07-08T20:19:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1096",
      "number": 1096,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "yellow log-in box should always appear for components with OARSC content",
      "user_name": "Kelly Bolding",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:24:31",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:44:19",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T17:45:17",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T18:03:54",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-12-08T23:53:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-12-08T23:53:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/947",
      "number": 947,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Collections should display text date, not normalized value",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:02:14",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-09-14T16:08:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-09-14T16:08:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/901",
      "number": 901,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Display ranges for consecutively-numbered containers with AbIDs",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:02:30",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-12-11T15:22:23",
      "updated_at": "2020-12-11T15:22:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/559",
      "number": 559,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Search results when a name is selected from the Names facet are confusing/duplicative",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:02:39",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-04-07T20:20:32",
      "updated_at": "2022-04-07T20:20:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1010",
      "number": 1010,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Figgy should synchronize finding aid data that hasn't yet been published in aspace",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T19:51:02",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1010#issuecomment-1247232341",
          "body": "New plan:\r\n\r\n- Undo the indexing rules introduced in #1032 and #1037 (keep the token auth stuff)\r\n- Update the jsonld endpoint to\r\n   - if there's an entry in the index, present it\r\n   - else if the token is good, ask aspace for the title of the collection or component\r\n   - present a very bare-bones jsonld record (possibly just the title, start with that)\r\n\r\nThis should be enough to get objects started in figgy, without having to fuss over unpublished fields. As soon as the record is published and indexed in pulfalight, figgy will get the updated metadata."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:51:37",
          "type": "unassigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-07-14T17:28:09",
      "updated_at": "2022-07-14T17:28:09",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1099",
      "number": 1099,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Generate wireframes for improving discoverability of online content",
      "user_name": "faithc",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T21:06:09",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/1099#issuecomment-1247302325",
          "body": "Here is a fairly complete [set of wireframes](https://xd.adobe.com/view/1a8defd5-0cd8-4715-a5c1-9cb7795d2ece-4fde/) based on everyone's feedback. I added icons to parents of online content that are grey in color to distinguish. Only the green icons actually have online content. Questions/comments can be input directly to the prototype, or dropped here. \r\n\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-11-23T19:37:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-11-23T19:37:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/935",
      "number": 935,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Index fields acqinfo and processinfo under \"Collection History\"",
      "user_name": "phoebeno",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2022-09-14T23:53:08",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/935#issuecomment-1247412220",
          "body": "@ccleeton When you say \"searchable\", do you mean in the dropdowns? Because if I search for Hilde Craeger (which is in that processinfo) it returns: https://findingaids.princeton.edu/?utf8=%E2%9C%93&group=true&f%5Bcollection_sim%5D%5B%5D=14+Africans+vs.+One+American+by+Frederic+Fox%2C+1962&search_field=all_fields&q=Hilde+Creager"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:02:19",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T23:53:09",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T23:53:09",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-10-29T16:42:10",
      "updated_at": "2021-10-29T16:42:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/922",
      "number": 922,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Names for bioghistnotes are only displaying the primary part of name, should display the \"sort name\"",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T19:02:24",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-15T00:29:41",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-15T00:29:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1130",
      "number": 1130,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1130",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update Pulfalight for Ruby 3.1",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-15T00:34:02",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-15T00:36:12",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-15T01:00:26",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-15T01:14:35",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-15T01:15:17",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2022-09-15T01:19:32",
          "type": "convert_to_draft"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/1130",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pulibrary.github.io": [
    {
      "created_at": "2022-09-14T14:57:54",
      "updated_at": "2022-09-14T14:57:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulibrary.github.io/pull/19",
      "number": 19,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulibrary.github.io/pull/19",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulibrary.github.io",
      "repository_name": "pulibrary.github.io",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Start a post about moving rails apps off webpacker",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2022-09-14T15:03:17",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulibrary.github.io/pull/19",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 54,
    "closed_count": 6,
    "created_count": 7,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 5,
    "pull_request_open_count": 11,
    "updated_count": 25,
    "today": "2022-09-14T22:00:10",
    "yesterday": "2022-09-13T22:00:10"
  }
}