{
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-20T20:33:21",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-20T20:33:21",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/992",
      "number": 992,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Redirect links with voyager IDs to their equivalent alma id endpoint",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T00:57:04",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/992#issuecomment-814525957",
          "body": "@hackartisan Is this meant to be an Orangelight ticket?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:29",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/992#issuecomment-814889366",
          "body": "@tpendragon it must be; I can't think of how it would make sense in the bibdata context, and I don't see a different one for orangelight. I'll move it. Thanks!"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:45",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/992#issuecomment-814889501",
          "body": "Issue moved to [pulibrary/orangelight #2400](https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2400) via [**ZenHub**](https://www.zenhub.com/)\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:57:04",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:57:04",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:29",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:29",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:45",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:50:17",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T12:50:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1212",
      "number": 1212,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1212",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Return 400 for availability params moved to new endpoints",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:52:06",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:27:33",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:27:33",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:27:33",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:27:34",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1212",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-12-01T20:18:55",
      "updated_at": "2020-12-01T20:18:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/905",
      "number": 905,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/905",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[Do not merge] Alma Migration",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:20:22",
          "type": "deployed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/905",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-05-13T21:18:50",
      "updated_at": "2020-05-13T21:18:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/654",
      "number": 654,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Replicate necessary MarcLiberation controller functionality from Voyager to Alma",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T15:12:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/654#issuecomment-814996050",
          "body": "Closing this epic; it's outlived its usefulness and the remaining tickets are well-known."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T15:12:51",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T15:23:02",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T15:23:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1213",
      "number": 1213,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1213",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add LocationToFileService to create holding and delivery json files",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:52:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1213#issuecomment-815068590",
          "body": "The delivery locations has a many to many relationship with the holding locations. I will update the code and use as a unique identifier the gfa_pickup attribute from the delivery locations. I will also update the holding locations json file with the delivery locations so that I can use it to populate the tables and assign delivery locations to the holding locations."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T15:43:12",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1213",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-02T15:01:56",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-02T15:01:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1202",
      "number": 1202,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Include records with electronic portfolios in online facet",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:50:57",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1202#issuecomment-815067292",
          "body": "What about Hathi items? Those are currently marked as Online."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:55:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1202#issuecomment-815070604",
          "body": "Good question. I think yes but I need to look through the code. @kevinreiss @mzelesky will we still continue to include Hathi in the online facet?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:55:46",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:55:46",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:55:47",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:55:47",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-01T13:20:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-01T13:20:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1195",
      "number": 1195,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Redesign location data pipeline",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:51:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1195#issuecomment-815106578",
          "body": "This is a description based on the work I'm doing on #1103. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1acUlM073h_jaxi6IpTDTbW8UwNNPj1QeDJt1q7xg8kE/edit\r\n "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-15T15:02:19",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-15T15:02:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1083",
      "number": 1083,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Migrate figgy IDs",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:27:29",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T21:41:39",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T21:41:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1211",
      "number": 1211,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1211",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Endpoint to provide availability by mfhd ",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Hector Correa",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:23:34",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1211",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-07-17T19:46:46",
      "updated_at": "2020-07-17T19:46:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/712",
      "number": 712,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Implement holdings param in bibliographic#bib ",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:47:09",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-17T13:22:32",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-17T13:22:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1143",
      "number": 1143,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Errors on availability endpoint in alma branch",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:42:39",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:49:46",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:52:06",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:21:02",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T21:20:55",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T21:20:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1210",
      "number": 1210,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Active Email value to Patron Route Response",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:00:26",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:08:45",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:17:58",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:18:42",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:18:42",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1214",
      "number": 1214,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1214",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add active_email to patron info.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1214",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:05:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T22:05:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1215",
      "number": 1215,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1215",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Remove ELFs from access.rb and tmpl files.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1215",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-02T15:56:08",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-02T15:56:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1203",
      "number": 1203,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Remove elf locations from access.rb",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T00:10:07",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1203#issuecomment-814511054",
          "body": "@tpendragon yes. \r\nOne way to do this is to wait for the cleanup in alma. Alma should not have elf locations at all. @mzelesky is there  a time for this cleanup?\r\nThe other way is not to count it when we pull the locations from Alma. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:10:07",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:10:07",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:10:07",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:10:08",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:19:29",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:07:21",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-29T14:29:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-29T14:29:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1018",
      "number": 1018,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Readme - Document how to populate the locations in a new server.",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:11:18",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:19:04",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:19:45",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T22:19:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1216",
      "number": 1216,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1216",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add LocationDataService documentation.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1216",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-04T16:33:45",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-04T16:33:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1046",
      "number": 1046,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SCSB endpoint should return 404 when it his suppressed records",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T22:42:36",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1046#issuecomment-815308505",
          "body": "@eliotjordan @hackartisan Is this closed? I see that linked PR (#1077), but no history of this auto-closing."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:42:36",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Eliot Jordan",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:42:36",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:42:36",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:42:37",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:47:36",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T22:47:36",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1217",
      "number": 1217,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1217",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Support holdings param in bibliographic#bib",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1217",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-04T21:34:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-04T21:34:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1049",
      "number": 1049,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Migrate recap dump to alma",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:50:35",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T23:10:32",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T23:12:26",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T23:12:26",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1218",
      "number": 1218,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1218",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Download/Transfer Alma ReCAP Dump",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/1218",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "dataspace-jspui": [
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-23T16:46:19",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-23T16:46:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dataspace-jspui/issues/20",
      "number": 20,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dataspace-jspui",
      "repository_name": "dataspace-jspui",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Reconcile the Atmire GitLab branch for the About and Help page mockups with this repository",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:13:58",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dataspace-jspui/issues/20#issuecomment-815041451",
          "body": "It was decided that the About and Help page should point directly to PRDS. This was addressed in https://github.com/pulibrary/dataspace-jspui/issues/3"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:13:56",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:13:58",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-cli": [
    {
      "created_at": "2020-08-18T19:35:08",
      "updated_at": "2020-08-18T19:35:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/issues/103",
      "number": 103,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli",
      "repository_name": "dspace-cli",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Spike on extending the CLI to minimally support Senior Thesis restrictions spreadsheets",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:00:37",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/issues/103#issuecomment-815073843",
          "body": "Placing this in the icebox, assuming that the refactoring work this year will address this"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-05-04T18:29:58",
      "updated_at": "2020-05-04T18:29:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/issues/7",
      "number": 7,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli",
      "repository_name": "dspace-cli",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Document how the DataSpace ingests student theses from Thesis Central (Vireo)",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:02:11",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/issues/7#issuecomment-815074900",
          "body": "In the past year, we seemed to have gotten our footing with this!"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:02:12",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-04-30T17:22:06",
      "updated_at": "2020-04-30T17:22:06",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/issues/1",
      "number": 1,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli",
      "repository_name": "dspace-cli",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Provide documentation for the DSpace CLI",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:16:39",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-cli/issues/1#issuecomment-815083838",
          "body": "We decided that markdown was better, especially if we can centralize it on github pages or read the docs."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:16:39",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:16:46",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T21:30:48",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T21:30:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/310",
      "number": 310,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Get Bess set up with RSA token and email ",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T14:14:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/310#issuecomment-814950206",
          "body": "Instructions for setting up an RSA token here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EuKctKDtRQrspwV_knfzYylLULpjJV_usU9UxSUM6hk/edit# "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:37:42",
          "type": "unassigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:37:43",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-08T21:37:27",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-08T21:37:27",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/277",
      "number": 277,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "`null` Bitstreams are appended (erroneously) for DataSpace Items",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:10:32",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/277#issuecomment-815038851",
          "body": " #289 and #284 got the full scope of this problem, and this the problem at large is being addressed by Francis and Atmire"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:10:32",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-08-31T15:40:20",
      "updated_at": "2020-08-31T15:40:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/167",
      "number": 167,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Troubleshoot the PPPL sync. issues for the DataSpace environments",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:11:04",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/167#issuecomment-815039300",
          "body": "PPPL adopted direct access to dataspace, this ticket is obselete ðŸŽ‰"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:11:04",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T16:47:25",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T16:47:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/224",
      "number": 224,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Document the DataSpace and OAR development, review, and release process",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:49:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/224#issuecomment-815066298",
          "body": "It seems like this PR is closed, and everything's been documented "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:49:31",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-25T15:20:15",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-25T15:20:15",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/300",
      "number": 300,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "The AWS Bucket access permissions are malfunctioning for the DataSpace production environment",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:14",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/300#issuecomment-815075583",
          "body": "PPPL's direct use of dataspace makes this ticket obsolete ðŸŽ‰"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:00",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:14",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T20:18:40",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T20:18:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/252",
      "number": 252,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "E-mail notifications are not being generated for PPPL package imports from the AWS S3 Bucket",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:21",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/252#issuecomment-815075651",
          "body": "PPPL's direct use of dataspace makes this ticket obsolete ðŸŽ‰"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:21",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:28",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-07-31T17:28:48",
      "updated_at": "2020-07-31T17:28:48",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/135",
      "number": 135,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Provide troubleshooting measures for the automated import of PPPL SIPs into DataSpace",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/135#issuecomment-815075988",
          "body": "PPPL's direct use of dataspace makes this ticket obsolete ðŸŽ‰"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:03:54",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:09:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:09:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/312",
      "number": 312,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update EPeople in Lib_DigPubs_Submitters",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:09:07",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:09:08",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-25T15:57:18",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-25T15:57:18",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/302",
      "number": 302,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "mutt needs to be installed on DataSpace server environments",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:11:50",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/302#issuecomment-815080899",
          "body": "I'm 90 percent certain that PPPL was the only mutt usecase, so I'm closing since PPPL features are deprecated."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:11:47",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:11:50",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-08-11T16:15:46",
      "updated_at": "2020-08-11T16:15:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/146",
      "number": 146,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Generate a report for the DataSpace PPPL data sets in the past six months of 2020",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:13:46",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/146#issuecomment-815082108",
          "body": "The download frequency report was generated"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:13:46",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-11T14:24:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-11T14:24:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/288",
      "number": 288,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Connect embargoes with senior theses with unique identifier",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:14:26",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/288#issuecomment-815082544",
          "body": "This will be addressed in the new refactor scripts, moving to icebox for now"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-01-22T08:53:59",
      "updated_at": "2021-01-22T08:53:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/272",
      "number": 272,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "DataSpace user draine needs to be deprecated in favor of user draine[at]astro",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:18:01",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/272#issuecomment-815084662",
          "body": "No adverse behavior has been reported in three months. Closing for now."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:18:01",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-python": [
    {
      "created_at": "2020-09-01T17:27:13",
      "updated_at": "2020-09-01T17:27:13",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/29",
      "number": 29,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python",
      "repository_name": "dspace-python",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Identify and resolve issues for the PPPL import script for DataSpace",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:07:17",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/29#issuecomment-815036506",
          "body": "PPPL adopted direct access to dataspace, this ticket is obselete ðŸŽ‰"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:07:13",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:07:20",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-07-14T15:40:46",
      "updated_at": "2020-07-14T15:40:46",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/21",
      "number": 21,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python",
      "repository_name": "dspace-python",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "UnicodeEncodeError is raised for VireoSheet.createFromExcelFile",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:43:18",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/21#issuecomment-815062163",
          "body": "Shifting to icebox for now until VireoSheet is deprecated."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:42:10",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-07-13T16:40:01",
      "updated_at": "2020-07-13T16:40:01",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/20",
      "number": 20,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python",
      "repository_name": "dspace-python",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "SIP creation for Theses departments create problematic metadata_pu.xml",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T16:44:28",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/20#issuecomment-815062957",
          "body": "The PR that addressed this issue seems to have been closed ðŸŽ‰"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:44:28",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-09-01T17:28:47",
      "updated_at": "2020-09-01T17:28:47",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/pull/30",
      "number": 30,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/pull/30",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python",
      "repository_name": "dspace-python",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Restructures the PPPL import scripts for the migrated DataSpace server infrastructure",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:45:15",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:47:09",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:47:09",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:47:09",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/pull/30",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-11-17T16:49:08",
      "updated_at": "2020-11-17T16:49:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/32",
      "number": 32,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python",
      "repository_name": "dspace-python",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Document the process for automating the ingestion of PPPL data sets into DataSpace",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:10:11",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/32#issuecomment-815079918",
          "body": "This ticket is now obsolete ðŸŽ‰"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:10:06",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:10:11",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-09-02T13:48:31",
      "updated_at": "2020-09-02T13:48:31",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/31",
      "number": 31,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python",
      "repository_name": "dspace-python",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Ensure that PPPL contributors receive e-mail notifications once S3 packages are successfully imported into DataSpace",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:12:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/issues/31#issuecomment-815081229",
          "body": "This issue is now obsolete "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:12:17",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:12:22",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-15T15:01:41",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-15T15:01:41",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4406",
      "number": 4406,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Migrate bib ids to alma mms ids",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:27:29",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T18:15:44",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T18:15:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4462",
      "number": 4462,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4462",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add support for Alma ID/Voyager ID Equivalence",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:59:52",
          "type": "review_requested"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:27:29",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:27:29",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:27:30",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:27:30",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4462",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:22:55",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:22:55",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4463",
      "number": 4463,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Some items are available via OAI that probably shouldn't be",
      "user_name": "EsmÃ© Cowles",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:10",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4464",
      "number": 4464,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4464",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Filtering resources included in OAI endpoint based on rights statement",
      "user_name": "EsmÃ© Cowles",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:27:32",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4464#issuecomment-815239770",
          "body": "This is well executed, thanks!"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/4464",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:50:28",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:50:28",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/4465",
      "number": 4465,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Make arks for SC Inventories materials link to the downloadable pdf",
      "user_name": "Cliff Wulfman",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Cliff Wulfman",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:50:28",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "lib_jobs": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-03-27T06:29:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-03-27T06:29:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/119",
      "number": 119,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/119",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs",
      "repository_name": "lib_jobs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Improves the support for AbsoluteID prefix parsing and ensures that AbIDs are unique when encoding the same shelving size and index within the same location",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:27:31",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/lib_jobs/pull/119",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-02T13:06:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-02T13:06:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2389",
      "number": 2389,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Copies in the library section should not display in the record page for online resources",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T00:15:58",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2389#issuecomment-814513037",
          "body": "> @christinach has indicated that we should continue indexing ELF holdings if they show up, so the implementation here is to add an exception to this view so that if it's an ELF holding don't display it in the physical holdings.\r\n\r\n@tpendragon  we don't want to index elf holdings. I said that we want to index the records but not the elfs. The electronic records (elf invalid locations) will be addressed with https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/1202. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:15:58",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:15:58",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:15:58",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T00:15:58",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-04-23T14:42:35",
      "updated_at": "2020-04-23T14:42:35",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2025",
      "number": 2025,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Replicate 'Your Account' functionality with Alma",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T13:51:02",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2025#issuecomment-814931344",
          "body": "closing in favor of #2401"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:51:07",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:37:37",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T13:37:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2402",
      "number": 2402,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Style the exlibris \"My library card\"",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T14:58:31",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2402#issuecomment-814984894",
          "body": "@kevinreiss has said his team will work this issue"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:37:37",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:37:37",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:37:37",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:58:31",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:58:31",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:23:59",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T13:23:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2401",
      "number": 2401,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "\"Your account\" should link to ex libris library card app",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T14:58:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2401#issuecomment-814985165",
          "body": "blocked by #2402"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:23:59",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T13:51:20",
          "type": "labeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:59:03",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2016-11-15T18:17:25",
      "updated_at": "2016-11-15T18:17:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/783",
      "number": 783,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Display Course info along with reserve items?",
      "user_name": "Nikitas Tampakis",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:00:00",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-10-23T18:16:08",
      "updated_at": "2020-10-23T18:16:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2313",
      "number": 2313,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Update Readme",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:33",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:33",
          "type": "moved_columns_in_project"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:43",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:43",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/2400",
      "number": 2400,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Redirect links with voyager IDs to their equivalent alma id endpoint",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:53:44",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:54:07",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:24:51",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:04:17",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:28:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:28:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2404",
      "number": 2404,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2404",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Redirect to Alma ID if it exists.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:04:17",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:04:17",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:04:17",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:04:18",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2404",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T19:53:34",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T19:53:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2403",
      "number": 2403,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2403",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add rake servers:start to bring dev setup in line with other projects.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Coveralls",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:14:55",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2403#issuecomment-815269505",
          "body": "\n[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/builds/38617915/badge)](https://coveralls.io/builds/38617915)\n\nCoverage remained the same at 96.622% when pulling **95f9827fbae5ac0d09f3ff47efb6c05ec0f8c5e6 on dev_environment** into **8f8194fa2e0cb42c3e0c773e8a50ce095c8bada2 on main**.\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:32",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:32",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:33",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:23:33",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2403",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:34:11",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T22:34:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2405",
      "number": 2405,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2405",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add dynamic environment-based queues",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/pull/2405",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T19:36:12",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T19:36:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2196",
      "number": 2196,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2196",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add lib-orange-alma-qa1 to bibdata allow list",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:21:54",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:21:54",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:21:55",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T12:21:55",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2196",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-02-23T18:27:38",
      "updated_at": "2021-02-23T18:27:38",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2131",
      "number": 2131,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "[LIBWWW] DataDog APM for the library website is not reporting",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T18:13:05",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/2131#issuecomment-815120408",
          "body": "I believe this got broken during the php upgrade.  Although the package was installed for ddtrace it was not enabled in php.  So I had to reinstall it on each server using the following commands\r\n```\r\nwget https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-php/releases/download/0.44.1/datadog-php-tracer_0.44.1_amd64.deb\r\nsudo dpkg -i datadog-php-tracer_0.44.1_amd64.deb\r\nsudo service apache2 restart\r\n```\r\n\r\nThis seems to work, except it only sends traces when apache is restarted"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:08:50",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:08:50",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2197",
      "number": 2197,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2197",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Upgrading datadog php trace module",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/2197",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pul_library_drupal": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:08:17",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T14:08:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1712",
      "number": 1712,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1712",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal",
      "repository_name": "pul_library_drupal",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adds pulfalight all search to the module",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Shaun Ellis",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T15:13:48",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1712",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T15:14:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T15:14:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1713",
      "number": 1713,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1713",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal",
      "repository_name": "pul_library_drupal",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Adds pulfalight to all search",
      "user_name": "Shaun Ellis",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Axa Mei Liauw",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T16:18:27",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Shaun Ellis",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:20:25",
          "type": "ready_for_review"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_library_drupal/pull/1713",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "pul_solr": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:53:04",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T14:53:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/270",
      "number": 270,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/270",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr",
      "repository_name": "pul_solr",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add optional flags to the alias:catalog cap task",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/270",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:23:29",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T14:23:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/269",
      "number": 269,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/269",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr",
      "repository_name": "pul_solr",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Add catalog-production-v2",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:04:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/269#issuecomment-815076347",
          "body": "@hackartisan Is this deployed right now?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:31:07",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/269#issuecomment-815093592",
          "body": "I haven't deployed it yet"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:04:22",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:04:22",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:14:06",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:31:40",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:31:40",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:31:40",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T18:31:43",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_solr/pull/269",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pulfalight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T19:42:38",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T19:42:38",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/798",
      "number": 798,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Right clicking a item in the Contents and Arrangement does not open to page that is representative of that click",
      "user_name": "Christa Cleeton",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "faithc",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:22:19",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/798#issuecomment-815273579",
          "body": "This worked when I tried it, @ccleeton, i.e. right-clicked and selected \"open in new tab\"? Curious if this is a common use case?"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T19:45:49",
          "type": "milestoned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:22:19",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christa Cleeton",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:22:19",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2020-01-30T06:29:39",
      "updated_at": "2020-01-30T06:29:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/issues/107",
      "number": 107,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Ensure that content negotiation exposes XML encoded finding aids",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:06:25",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-05T22:12:58",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-05T22:12:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/796",
      "number": 796,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/796",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight",
      "repository_name": "pulfalight",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "XML Display for Collections",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:40:41",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/796#issuecomment-815099732",
          "body": "I'm assuming that there is no use case for cache expiry and refreshing the XML expression of the ArchivesSpace finding aid. Is this indeed the case?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:43:54",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/796#issuecomment-815101669",
          "body": "I'm also generally curious regarding the `#destroy`/`#delete` hooks for the ActiveRecord models here. I do not suppose that there is any of ensuring that removing a `SolrDocument` from the index can provide some form of a `cascade` (perhaps this is a mechanism which is found in Spotlight as a sidecar), is there?"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:45:43",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/796#issuecomment-815102781",
          "body": "> I'm assuming that there is no use case for cache expiry and refreshing the XML expression of the ArchivesSpace finding aid. Is this indeed the case?\r\n\r\nI don't think so. The indexing job skips the cache, so every time it's indexed it should re-cache the material."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:46:21",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/796#issuecomment-815103202",
          "body": "> I'm also generally curious regarding the `#destroy`/`#delete` hooks for the ActiveRecord models here. I do not suppose that there is any of ensuring that removing a `SolrDocument` from the index can provide some form of a `cascade` (perhaps this is a mechanism which is found in Spotlight as a sidecar), is there?\r\n\r\nThere probably is, I'm just personally not really concerned about it. There's fewer than 3k EADs, and you can't get to the XML if there's no solr record."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:06:25",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:06:25",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:06:26",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T22:06:26",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pulfalight/pull/796",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "requests": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T19:32:12",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T19:32:12",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/910",
      "number": 910,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests",
      "repository_name": "requests",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Illiad is not recognizing reels/volumes selected within a record and requested via orangelight.",
      "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T19:34:12",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/requests/issues/910#issuecomment-815172032",
          "body": "Also of note: The on site microfilms request option, after you click the request button, look different than the recap reel request page. \r\nexample of on site request: https://catalog.princeton.edu/catalog/567623"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kim Leaman",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T19:32:12",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "vireo_transformation": [
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T19:19:24",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T19:19:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/13",
      "number": 13,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Remove nested unzipped files from mock-download.tar.gz",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T14:45:16",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T20:08:33",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:08:33",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/16",
      "number": 16,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Augment metadata with multiple certificates",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-05T19:50:13",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-05T19:50:13",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/3",
      "number": 3,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add a cover page to each approved thesis",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:14:55",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/3#issuecomment-815225967",
          "body": "Note from reading https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-python/blob/main/thesiscentral-vireo/dataspace/python/enhanceAips.py: \r\n* We need to keep the original filename on the augmented PDF. For dataspace to ingest properly, `contents` needs to point to the correct file. The python script changes the original PDF to ORIG-{filename} and creates an augmented PDF with the original filename.\r\n* The metadata_pu.xml will contain an element pdf.coverpage equal to SeniorThesisCoverPage, though this will probably be addressed when creating the pu metadata."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-05T19:54:23",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-05T19:54:23",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/5",
      "number": 5,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Augment metadata with certificate ",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:16:25",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/5#issuecomment-815228077",
          "body": "The certificate metadata is entered in the metadata_pu under 'certificate'. Expect multiple values, per #16."
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-05T19:54:52",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-05T19:54:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/6",
      "number": 6,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Apply embargoes",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T20:41:58",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/6#issuecomment-815248540",
          "body": "The \"Request Type\" column in the restrictions spreadsheet is a red herring. Look only at the \"Walk In Access\" boolean and \"Embargo Years\" integer to determine whether to apply the appropriate metadata.\r\n\r\nHere's the inherited logic to generate `metadata_pu.xml`:\r\n```python\r\nif (sub[self.embargo_idx] > 0):\r\n       self._add_el(root, 'embargo.terms', \"%d-07-01\"  % (self.classyear + sub[self.embargo_idx]))\r\nif (bool(sub[self.walkin_idx])):\r\n       self._add_el(root, 'mudd.walkin', 'yes')\r\n```\r\nIn other words, use `embargo.terms` to set the release date, and `mudd.walkin` to `yes` if the \"Walk In Access\" column says so.\r\n\r\nWe also want to update the `dublin_core.xml`. From Monika's scripts:\r\n```python\r\n    def  _adjust_dc_xml(self, root, sub):\r\n        changed = False\r\n        if (sub[self.walkin_idx]):\r\n            if (root.find('dcvalue[@element=\"rights\"]') is None):\r\n                self._add_el(root, 'rights.accessRights', EnhanceAips.WALKIN_MSG)\r\n                changed = True\r\n        logging.debug(\" _adjust_dc_xml: changed=%s\" % unicode(changed))\r\n        return changed\r\n\r\n    def _add_el(self, root, metadata, value):\r\n        logging.debug(\"XML add_el %s=%s\" % (metadata, unicode(value)))\r\n        splits = metadata.split('.')\r\n        attrs = { 'element' : splits[0]}\r\n        if len(splits) > 1:\r\n            attrs['qualifier'] = splits[1]\r\n        ET.SubElement(root, 'dcvalue', attrib=attrs).text = unicode(value)\r\n```\r\n\r\nThe `WALIN_MSG` is:\r\n```\r\nWalk-in Access. This thesis can only be viewed on computer terminals at the <a href=http://mudd.princeton.edu>Mudd Manuscript Library</a>.\r\n```\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-05T19:53:32",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-05T19:53:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/4",
      "number": 4,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Augment metadata with multiple authors",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:03:15",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/4#issuecomment-815261623",
          "body": "Senior theses that have multiple authors are often in the stem fields. Multiple students would then submit the same thesis. So we need to collapse the rows (and submissions) while enhancing the metadata with multiple authors. Look for the \"Multi Author\" boolean in the Vireo excel export. Here is an example spreadsheet from 2020's Mechanical Engineering program: \r\n[ExcelExport.xlsx](https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/files/6274463/ExcelExport.xlsx)\r\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:13:07",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:13:07",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/17",
      "number": 17,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Enhance PU custom metadata",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-06T15:43:29",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-06T15:43:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/12",
      "number": 12,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Improve high-level view of process",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:17:29",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/issues/12#issuecomment-815270966",
          "body": "![Screen Shot 2021-04-07 at 4.48.39 PM.png](https://images.zenhubusercontent.com/5e9efff74d7b4923426b5c0d/0de7eae9-a587-4391-9e7b-2292f8ed3099)\n\nReworked the google drawing (easier for me to use draw.io). New issues were created where necessary and existing issues were extended with notes from the historic python scripts."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:17:29",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T17:43:44",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T17:43:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/15",
      "number": 15,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/15",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Find the original filename as listed in Excel",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:40:50",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:40:50",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:40:50",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:40:51",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/15",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:48:45",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:48:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/19",
      "number": 19,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/19",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update class_diagram image",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:49:15",
          "type": "review_requested"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/19",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:46:44",
      "updated_at": "2021-04-07T21:46:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/18",
      "number": 18,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/18",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation",
      "repository_name": "vireo_transformation",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update zip file to reflect vireo export",
      "user_name": "Kevin McElwee",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin McElwee",
          "created_at": "2021-04-07T21:49:23",
          "type": "review_requested"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/vireo_transformation/pull/18",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 81,
    "closed_count": 26,
    "created_count": 10,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 10,
    "pull_request_open_count": 16,
    "updated_count": 19,
    "today": "2021-04-07T22:00:05",
    "yesterday": "2021-04-06T22:00:05"
  }
}