{
  "allsearch_api": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:41:54",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:41:54",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_api/pull/179",
      "number": 179,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_api/pull/179",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_api",
      "repository_name": "allsearch_api",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Upgrade gems",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:43:22",
          "type": "referenced"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:43:22",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:43:22",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:43:23",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_api/pull/179",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "allsearch_frontend": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-16T16:42:59",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-16T16:42:59",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend/issues/181",
      "number": 181,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend",
      "repository_name": "allsearch_frontend",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Create Button Component that conforms to Styleguide.",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:22:23",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend/issues/181#issuecomment-1927370995",
          "body": "We discussed this at the stand-up on 2/5 and decided that this was not a MVP ticket for the updated UI, it's a re-factoring ticket. "
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:29:00",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T21:29:00",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend/issues/203",
      "number": 203,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend",
      "repository_name": "allsearch_frontend",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add styles for mobile view",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:31:54",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:08:10",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:08:10",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend/issues/202",
      "number": 202,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend",
      "repository_name": "allsearch_frontend",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add Subscribe Button Functionality to Site Footer ",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T23:36:32",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T23:36:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend/pull/204",
      "number": 204,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend/pull/204",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend",
      "repository_name": "allsearch_frontend",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add AppFooter",
      "user_name": "Christina Chortaria",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T23:41:52",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T23:47:42",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/allsearch_frontend/pull/204",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "bibdata": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T18:38:30",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T18:38:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2309",
      "number": 2309,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2309",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "i2308: Index 876x in the holdings_1display",
      "user_name": "Jane Sandberg",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T18:54:17",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T18:54:17",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T18:54:18",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T18:54:19",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2309",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-01T18:23:40",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-01T18:23:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/issues/2308",
      "number": 2308,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Index 876x subfield",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jane Sandberg",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T17:12:22",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Christina Chortaria",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T18:54:18",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2023-11-26T07:20:39",
      "updated_at": "2023-11-26T07:20:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2272",
      "number": 2272,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2272",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata",
      "repository_name": "bibdata",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Include 10 events in seeds of database",
      "user_name": "Liz Garcia",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/bibdata/pull/2272",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "dspace-development": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-22T16:12:49",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-22T16:12:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/804",
      "number": 804,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[oar] Test and Troubleshoot the OAI-PMH Endpoint",
      "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:13:29",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/804#issuecomment-1927352529",
          "body": "This has been successfully released into the `production` environment:\r\n![image](https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/assets/1443986/9264273b-9af3-40c3-acc6-762c3d0db547)\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:14:50",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/804#issuecomment-1927355413",
          "body": "Please note that it was necessary to recopy the JAR dependencies after multiple attempts to restart the `tomcat` service. Further, the following needed to be explicitly copied:\r\n```bash\r\n$ cp /dspace/webapps/rest/WEB-INF/lib/joda-time-2.3.jar /dspace/webapps/oai/WEB-INF/lib/\r\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:17:57",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-09T17:17:14",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-09T17:17:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/802",
      "number": 802,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development",
      "repository_name": "dspace-development",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Change DataSpace banner to include more information of disabled submissions",
      "user_name": "Chun Ly",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T15:59:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/802#issuecomment-1927322820",
          "body": "@astrochun may I suggest this new banner language:\r\n\r\n> Princeton's Research Data Repository is becoming the Princeton Data Commons! As we transition, you may not see some of the collections you were once able to submit to in DataSpace, and that means Princeton Data Commons is ready for you. If you are intending to publish from the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory and you have questions about the new submission process, please contact [publications@pppl.gov](mailto:publications@pppl.gov). For all other questions about getting started with submissions to Princeton Data Commons, please contact [prds@princeton.edu](mailto:prds@princeton.edu). For more information, please visit the [Princeton Research Data Service website](https://researchdata.princeton.edu/introducing-princeton-data-commons)."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Chun Ly",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:51",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/802#issuecomment-1927328293",
          "body": "> @astrochun may I suggest this new banner language:\r\n> \r\n> > Princeton's Research Data Repository is becoming the Princeton Data Commons! As we transition, you may not see some of the collections you were once able to submit to in DataSpace, and that means Princeton Data Commons is ready for you. If you are intending to publish from the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory and you have questions about the new submission process, please contact [publications@pppl.gov](mailto:publications@pppl.gov). For all other questions about getting started with submissions to Princeton Data Commons, please contact [prds@princeton.edu](mailto:prds@princeton.edu). For more information, please visit the [Princeton Research Data Service website](https://researchdata.princeton.edu/introducing-princeton-data-commons).\r\n\r\nDo we want to modify the emails so we can't be spammed? Otherwise, looks good @matthewjchandler and @kelynch. "
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:14:41",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/802#issuecomment-1927355090",
          "body": "@astrochun Do you have a preferred modification? E.g. publications[at]pppl[dot]gov? Or just remove the mailto link? PRDS is usually pretty free about putting its mailto email address up online, and we deal with the spam."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Chun Ly",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:16:10",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/802#issuecomment-1927358181",
          "body": "> @astrochun Do you have a preferred modification? E.g. publications[at]pppl[dot]gov? Or just remove the mailto link? PRDS is usually pretty free about putting its mailto email address up online, and we deal with the spam.\r\n\r\nRemoving the mailto should suffice. I don't want it to be more cumbersome for the researchers."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:26:13",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/dspace-development/issues/802#issuecomment-1927379103",
          "body": "@jrgriffiniii Here's the new text we want for the DataSpace banner ASAP:\r\n\r\n> Princeton's Research Data Repository is becoming the Princeton Data Commons! As we transition, you may not see some of the collections you were once able to submit to in DataSpace, and that means Princeton Data Commons is ready for you. If you are intending to publish from the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory and you have questions about the new submission process, please contact publications@pppl.gov. For all other questions about getting started with submissions to Princeton Data Commons, please contact prds@princeton.edu. For more information, please visit the [Princeton Research Data Service website](https://researchdata.princeton.edu/introducing-princeton-data-commons).\r\n\r\n### Completion Criteria\r\n- [ ] The new text reads as in the block quote in this comment\r\n- [ ] The email addresses are NOT clickable links in the banner (despite how they're rendered here in GitHub)\r\n- [ ] The link to the \"Princeton Research Data Service website\" (https://researchdata.princeton.edu/introducing-princeton-data-commons) IS clickable, as rendered here in GitHub"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T15:59:14",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T15:59:14",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:52",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:52",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:52",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:53",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:53",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:01:53",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:14:43",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:14:43",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:16:11",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Chun Ly",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:16:11",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:26:14",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "James R. Griffin III",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:26:14",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "etd_transformer": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-19T17:37:32",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-19T17:37:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/etd_transformer/issues/177",
      "number": 177,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/etd_transformer",
      "repository_name": "etd_transformer",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Multiple advisors are running together on dissertations",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T15:04:00",
          "type": "closed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "closed"
    }
  ],
  "figgy": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-25T21:50:08",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-25T21:50:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6182",
      "number": 6182,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Items marked complete without captions should not be available for display, but should still preserve.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:45:03",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-26T21:21:17",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-26T21:21:17",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6187",
      "number": 6187,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "FileSets with audio should be able to be marked as not legally requiring captions",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:48:24",
          "type": "renamed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:48:35",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-25T22:34:25",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-25T22:34:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6184",
      "number": 6184,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Paper Prototype attaching a Transcript to a Video",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Oh, Hey!",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:51:30",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-25T21:49:58",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-25T21:49:58",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6179",
      "number": 6179,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Attach WebVTT captions to a video FileSet",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:50:55",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:51:45",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-25T21:50:02",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-25T21:50:02",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6180",
      "number": 6180,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bulk Ingest should accept WebVTT captions via a naming standard.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:51:59",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-25T21:50:05",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-25T21:50:05",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6181",
      "number": 6181,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "WebVTT captions should be added to the HLS manifest so they play back in the Universal Viewer.",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:52:24",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-26T16:57:37",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-26T16:57:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6186",
      "number": 6186,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Allow the viewer's download pane to download captions",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:52:46",
          "type": "unlabeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-25T22:40:30",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-25T22:40:30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6185",
      "number": 6185,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Determine and Document How Transcripts Attach to Resources",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:53:18",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:04:07",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:47:14",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T19:47:14",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6192",
      "number": 6192,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add a Health Status report for transcripts for video files",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T19:58:26",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/issues/6192#issuecomment-1927997298",
          "body": "What should the language be? It would be a separate line on the health report? When a resource does not have a Video FileSet this section is not present?\r\n\r\nA wireframe might help here."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Trey Pendragon",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:47:14",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:04:20",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T20:04:20",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/6193",
      "number": 6193,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/6193",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy",
      "repository_name": "figgy",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Attaching captions ADR",
      "user_name": "Trey Pendragon",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/6193",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "mudd-dbs": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-06T01:48:25",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-06T01:48:25",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/mudd-dbs/pull/119",
      "number": 119,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/mudd-dbs/pull/119",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/mudd-dbs",
      "repository_name": "mudd-dbs",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Bump nokogiri from 1.13.10 to 1.16.2",
      "user_name": "dependabot[bot]",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2024-02-06T01:48:25",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/mudd-dbs/pull/119",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "orangelight": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-01T18:31:34",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-01T18:31:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight/issues/3956",
      "number": 3956,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/orangelight",
      "repository_name": "orangelight",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Review Alma Work Statuses",
      "user_name": "Kevin Reiss",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_describe": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:02:52",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T20:02:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe/issues/1667",
      "number": 1667,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_describe",
      "repository_name": "pdc_describe",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update Review page with new Distribution Agreement",
      "user_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Matthew J. Chandler",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:02:52",
          "type": "labeled"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    }
  ],
  "pdc_discovery": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-01T19:23:38",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-01T19:23:38",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/issues/563",
      "number": 563,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery",
      "repository_name": "pdc_discovery",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Our plausible account seems to be disabled? ",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Hector Correa",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T21:26:22",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/issues/563#issuecomment-1928122891",
          "body": "@kelynch the new key in staging seems to be OK...making a call to Plausible does not return an error:\r\n\r\n```\r\ndeploy@pdc-discovery-staging1:/opt/pdc_discovery/current$ bundle exec rails c\r\nLoading staging environment (Rails 6.1.7.4)                                     \r\nirb(main):001:0> Plausible.pageviews(174742)\r\n=> 0\r\n```\r\n\r\nwhereas the same call in production results in an error:\r\n\r\n```\r\ndeploy@pdc-discovery-prod1:/opt/pdc_discovery/current$ bundle exec rails c\r\nLoading production environment (Rails 6.1.7.4)\r\nirb(main):001:0> Plausible.pageviews(174742)\r\nPLAUSIBLE ERROR: (Pageviews for document: 174742) {\"error\":\"The account that owns this API key does not have access to Stats API. Please make sure you're using the API key of a subscriber account and that the subscription plan includes Stats API\"}\r\n=> 0\r\n```\r\n\r\nThere are no statistics at all in staging, though. But i looks like this has been the case for a very long time:\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2024-02-05 at 4 24 10 PM](https://github.com/pulibrary/pdc_discovery/assets/568286/7bc9876b-c24d-4cf0-94b7-795813c4c1b2)\r\n\r\nI suspect we can safely update production with the new keys and test over there."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:26:24",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:26:24",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    }
  ],
  "princeton_ansible": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T15:53:36",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T15:53:36",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/4632",
      "number": 4632,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Update Plausible API keys",
      "user_name": "Kate Lynch",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Kate Lynch",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T15:53:54",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:32:39",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T20:32:39",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/issues/4633",
      "number": 4633,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SSH Error: data could not be sent to remote host",
      "user_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Francis Kayiwa",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:32:39",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-02T20:17:08",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-02T20:17:08",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4631",
      "number": 4631,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4631",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible",
      "repository_name": "princeton_ansible",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "[confluence] remove confluence references",
      "user_name": "Vickie Karasic",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T20:52:41",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4631#issuecomment-1928074595",
          "body": "Looks good, thanks @VickieKarasic!"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:33:41",
          "type": "assigned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Vickie Karasic",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:52:42",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Vickie Karasic",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:52:42",
          "type": "subscribed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:52:46",
          "type": "merged"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:52:47",
          "type": "closed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:52:47",
          "type": "head_ref_deleted"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": "Alicia Cozine",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T20:52:48",
          "type": "referenced"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/princeton_ansible/pull/4631",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    }
  ],
  "pul_containers": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-30T23:49:11",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-30T23:49:11",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_containers/pull/1",
      "number": 1,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_containers/pull/1",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_containers",
      "repository_name": "pul_containers",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "first draft of EE defs for initial use cases",
      "user_name": "Alicia Cozine",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/pul_containers/pull/1",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "rails-example": [
    {
      "created_at": "2023-04-17T16:02:34",
      "updated_at": "2023-04-17T16:02:34",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rails-example/issues/41",
      "number": 41,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rails-example",
      "repository_name": "rails-example",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Rename repo to rails-example",
      "user_name": "hackartisan",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-02T19:48:03",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-02T19:48:03",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rails-example/pull/43",
      "number": 43,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rails-example/pull/43",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rails-example",
      "repository_name": "rails-example",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "changes for issue ticket #41 - rename repo",
      "user_name": "inieinie",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "hackartisan",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:36:32",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rails-example/pull/43#issuecomment-1927408502",
          "body": "This looks good but it's failing CI because there have been changes to the way google publishes its chrome releases. this may be helpful https://github.com/pulibrary/figgy/pull/6174"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/rails-example/pull/43",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "tiger-data-app": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-02T14:50:49",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-02T14:50:49",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/422",
      "number": 422,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/422",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "closed",
      "title": "Adding an accumulator task so folks can create accumulators",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Jaymee Hyppolite",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T00:41:19",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/422#issuecomment-1926020748",
          "body": "Note: If an accumulator is added to a project after assets have already been added/generated -- We will need to regenerate the accumulator to add all previously created files/collections to the count.\r\n\r\nThe request in the console... \r\n`asset.collection.accumulator.all.generate :id [_collection_id_]   `"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/422",
      "action": "pull_request_closed"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-24T16:34:19",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-24T16:34:19",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/392",
      "number": 392,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SPIKE: how to query mediaflux for file size range? ",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T15:51:02",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/392#issuecomment-1927306415",
          "body": "I will take about 8 seconds to query 200k records\n```\ntd-meta1 >  asset.query :collection 1734250 :action range :xpath content/size\n\t:value -nbe \"189050\"\n\t\t:min \"0\"\n\t\t:max \"345890\"\n```"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T15:54:20",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/392#issuecomment-1927313042",
          "body": "About the same 8 seconds...\n```\ntd-meta1 >  asset.query :collection 1734250 :action range :xpath ctime\n\t:value -nbe \"215978\"\n\t\t:min \"Wed Sep 20 12:36:54 EDT 2023\"\n\t\t:max \"Wed Sep 20 12:36:57 EDT 2023\"\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-24T16:39:44",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-24T16:39:44",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/395",
      "number": 395,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SPIKE: how to query mediaflux for date modified range",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T15:56:21",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/395#issuecomment-1927317135",
          "body": "This query takes about 8 seconds, but fulfills the request.\n```\ntd-meta1 >  asset.query :collection 1734250 :action range :xpath mtime\n\t:value -nbe \"215978\"\n\t\t:min \"Thu Nov 12 04:50:34 EST 1981\"\n\t\t:max \"Mon Mar 15 04:31:33 EDT 2021\"\n```\n"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-02T15:35:52",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-02T15:35:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/423",
      "number": 423,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Add some CSS styling to polish the app a bit",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jaymee Hyppolite",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T17:29:47",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-01-24T16:37:45",
      "updated_at": "2024-01-24T16:37:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/394",
      "number": 394,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SPIKE: how to query mediaflux for directory count and directory depth? ",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "carolyncole",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T17:50:30",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/394#issuecomment-1927609282",
          "body": "Returns almost immediately with all the paths.  A couple seconds on project g\n```\n\"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17736/17736-h\"\nasset.query :collection 1734250 :action get-path  :where \"type='application/arc-asset-collection'\"\n\t:path -id \"1734557\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17734\"\n\t:path -id \"1734631\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17734/17734-h\"\n\t:path -id \"1734698\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17737\"\n\t:path -id \"1734833\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17735\"\n\t:path -id \"1734861\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17735/17735-h\"\n\t:path -id \"1735001\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17738\"\n\t:path -id \"1735025\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17739\"\n\t:path -id \"1735129\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17732\"\n\t:path -id \"1735275\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17732/17732-h\"\n\t:path -id \"1735338\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17730\"\n\t:path -id \"1735349\" -version \"1\" \"/princeton/tigerdata/projectg/1/7/7/3/17730/17730-h\"\n```"
        }
      ],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "updated"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T17:53:53",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T17:53:53",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/427",
      "number": 427,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/427",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Try running mediaflux in CI",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/427",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-02T21:16:56",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-02T21:16:56",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/426",
      "number": 426,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/426",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "calculating the file count for a collection by querying mediaflux",
      "user_name": "Jaymee Hyppolite",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Jaymee Hyppolite",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T15:06:16",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/426#issuecomment-1924710618",
          "body": "Instead of calculating the total number of files and collections every time a page is visited -- which will take an extreme amount of time with an extreme amount of files -- use an accumulator to store the value and query that."
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Jaymee Hyppolite",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T01:53:24",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/426#issuecomment-1926022768",
          "body": "Running into an rspec error for disabled http requests? \r\nspec/system/project_show_spec.rb"
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Jaymee Hyppolite",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:03:48",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/426",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T19:00:52",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T19:00:52",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/428",
      "number": 428,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "SPIKE: Use docker-compose to integrate mediaflux into our CI build",
      "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T21:40:17",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/428#issuecomment-1928143128",
          "body": "First I tried pushing our mediaflux image to a private dockerhub account and incorporating it into the CI build. This worked, except that the docker image does not publish to port 8888 by default, we are doing that via the `$ docker create --name mediaflux --publish 0.0.0.0:8888:8888 princeton_dev:23.08.25` command, and I don't see a way to add that `--publish` bit into the circleci config. What we end up with is an instance of mediaflux that we can't talk to. \r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2024-02-05 at 4 39 25 PM](https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/assets/65608/bd65fcec-764b-48ce-ae56-9ccf0dfbb035)\r\n\r\n\r\n![Screenshot 2024-02-05 at 4 21 03 PM](https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/assets/65608/58f52faf-2741-4e64-8b1c-708702030f8f)\r\n"
        },
        {
          "user_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T21:41:26",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/issues/428#issuecomment-1928144725",
          "body": "How to dockerize a rails application: https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/dockerizing-a-ruby-on-rails-application\r\n\r\nThen I think we could use docker-compose to bring up mediaflux beside our rails app on circleci."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": "Bess Sadler",
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:41:36",
          "type": "assigned"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-02T21:06:37",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-02T21:06:37",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/425",
      "number": 425,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/425",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "First pass at fetching file information",
      "user_name": "Hector Correa",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/425",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:03:24",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T21:03:24",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/429",
      "number": 429,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/429",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app",
      "repository_name": "tiger-data-app",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Fix mediaflux query to include all children and sub-collections",
      "user_name": "carolyncole",
      "comments": [
        {
          "user_name": "Hector Correa",
          "updated_at": "2024-02-05T21:58:36",
          "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/429#issuecomment-1928169249",
          "body": "@carolyncole it looks like there is a reason we are not using the `:collection` parameter to query. There is a bug in Mediaflux that prevents pagination from working when we use the `:collection` parameter.\r\n\r\nSee note here: https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/blob/main/app/models/mediaflux/http/query_request.rb#L51-L53\r\n\r\nYou can reproduce the bug as follows:\r\n\r\n```\r\nasset.query :collection 1098 :idx 3 :size 3\r\n :id -version \"1\" \"1099\"\r\n    :id -version \"1\" \"1100\"\r\n    :id -version \"1\" \"1101\"\r\n    :cursor\r\n        ...\r\n\r\nasset.query :collection 1098 :idx 4 :size 3\r\n    :id -version \"1\" \"1099\"\r\n    :id -version \"1\" \"1100\"\r\n    :id -version \"1\" \"1101\"\r\n    :cursor\r\n        ...\r\n```\r\n\r\nNotice how Mediaflux returned the exact same asset ids even when we asked for the second page of results."
        }
      ],
      "events": [
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:05:06",
          "type": "head_ref_force_pushed"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:58:38",
          "type": "mentioned"
        },
        {
          "actor_name": null,
          "created_at": "2024-02-05T21:58:38",
          "type": "subscribed"
        }
      ],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/tiger-data-app/pull/429",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "truck_scheduler": [
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T15:53:45",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T15:53:45",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/issues/19",
      "number": 19,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler",
      "repository_name": "truck_scheduler",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Don't allow a reservation end time to be before the reservation start time",
      "user_name": "Sean Warren ",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:03:29",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:03:29",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/issues/20",
      "number": 20,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler",
      "repository_name": "truck_scheduler",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Don't allow reservations to start in the past or the next two days",
      "user_name": "Sean Warren ",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:04:40",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:04:40",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/issues/21",
      "number": 21,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler",
      "repository_name": "truck_scheduler",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "Require phone number or email address to create a customer ",
      "user_name": "Sean Warren ",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:07:57",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:07:57",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/issues/22",
      "number": 22,
      "pull_request_html_url": null,
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler",
      "repository_name": "truck_scheduler",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "make customer field a drop down on the reservation form",
      "user_name": "Sean Warren ",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": null,
      "action": "created"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:15:32",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:15:32",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/pull/23",
      "number": 23,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/pull/23",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler",
      "repository_name": "truck_scheduler",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "reorganized home page content and update form styles",
      "user_name": "Sean Warren ",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/pull/23",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    },
    {
      "created_at": "2024-02-05T16:57:04",
      "updated_at": "2024-02-05T16:57:04",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/pull/24",
      "number": 24,
      "pull_request_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/pull/24",
      "repository_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler",
      "repository_name": "truck_scheduler",
      "state": "open",
      "title": "11 ci",
      "user_name": "Sean Warren ",
      "comments": [],
      "events": [],
      "pr_html_url": "https://github.com/pulibrary/truck_scheduler/pull/24",
      "action": "pull_request_open"
    }
  ],
  "__meta__": {
    "issue_count": 47,
    "closed_count": 3,
    "created_count": 11,
    "pull_request_closed_count": 4,
    "pull_request_open_count": 12,
    "updated_count": 17,
    "today": "2024-02-05T22:00:04",
    "yesterday": "2024-02-04T22:00:04"
  }
}